Mysteries of the Deep	4U	5	Instant	"Draw two cards.
Landfall ? If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, draw three cards instead."	U	U	Worldwake	33	common	Vronique Meignaud		
Harmless Assault	2WW	4	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by attacking creatures.	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	24	common	Chippy		
Lay Bare	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target spell. Look at its controller's hand.	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	74	common	Chippy		
Living Destiny	3G	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a creature card from your hand.
You gain life equal to the revealed card's converted mana cost."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	195	common	James Ryman		
Instill Infection	3B	4	Instant	"Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
Draw a card."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	68	common	Chris Rahn		
Blunt the Assault	3G	4	Instant	You gain 1 life for each creature on the battlefield. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	113	common	Matt Stewart		
Banishment Decree	3WW	5	Instant	"Put target artifact, creature, or enchantment on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	3	common	James Ryman		
Frantic Salvage	3W	4	Instant	"Put any number of target artifact cards from your graveyard on top of your library.
Draw a card."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	6	common	Scott Chou		
Fuel for the Cause	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	25	common	Steven Belledin		
Quicksilver Geyser	4U	5	Instant	Return up to two target nonland permanents to their owners' hands.	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	30	common	Erica Yang		
War Report	3W	4	Instant	You gain life equal to the number of creatures on the battlefield plus the number of artifacts on the battlefield.	W	W	New Phyrexia	26	common	Mike Bierek		
Artillerize	3R	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Artillerize deals 5 damage to any target."	R	R	New Phyrexia	79	common	Johann Bodin		
Smite the Monstrous	3W	4	Instant	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.	W	W	Innistrad	33	common	Jason Felix		
Lost in the Mist	3UU	5	Instant	Counter target spell. Return target permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Innistrad	63	common	David Palumbo		
Griptide	3U	4	Instant	Put target creature on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Dark Ascension	38	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Angel's Mercy	2WW	4	Instant	You gain 7 life.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	3	common	Greg Staples		
Geist Snatch	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Create a 1/1 blue Spirit creature token with flying.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	55	common	Dan Scott		
Thunderous Wrath	4RR	6	Instant	"Thunderous Wrath deals 5 damage to any target.
Miracle {R} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	R	R	Avacyn Restored	160	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Eyes in the Skies	3W	4	Instant	"Create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying, then populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	10	common	James Ryman		
Trostani's Judgment	5W	6	Instant	"Exile target creature, then populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	28	common	Christopher Moeller		
Inspiration	3U	4	Instant	Target player draws two cards.	U	U	Return to Ravnica	42	common	Izzy		
Launch Party	3B	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Destroy target creature. Its controller loses 2 life."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	69	common	Lucas Graciano		
Explosive Impact	5R	6	Instant	Explosive Impact deals 5 damage to any target.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	94	common	Steve Argyle		
Chorus of Might	3G	4	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control and gains trample."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	119	common	Christopher Moeller		
Essence Backlash	2UR	4	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Essence Backlash deals damage equal to that spell's power to its controller.	U	U	Return to Ravnica	160	common	Jung Park		
Scatter Arc	3U	4	Instant	"Counter target noncreature spell.
Draw a card."	U	U	Gatecrash	48	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Grisly Spectacle	2BB	4	Instant	Destroy target nonartifact creature. Its controller puts a number of cards equal to that creature's power from the top of their library into their graveyard.	B	B	Gatecrash	66	common	Zoltan Boros		
Mindstatic	3U	4	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {6}.	U	U	Dragon's Maze	14	common	Johann Bodin		
Fatal Fumes	3B	4	Instant	Target creature gets -4/-2 until end of turn.	B	B	Dragon's Maze	24	common	Kev Walker		
Punish the Enemy	4R	5	Instant	Punish the Enemy deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker and 3 damage to target creature.	R	R	Dragon's Maze	35	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Lash of the Whip	4B	5	Instant	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.	B	B	Theros	94	common	Dan Scott		
Boulderfall	6RR	8	Instant	Boulderfall deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.	R	R	Theros	115	common	Ralph Horsley		
Sudden Storm	3U	4	Instant	Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Born of the Gods	53	common	Adam Paquette		
Countermand	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Journey into Nyx	33	common	Clint Cearley		
Riddle of Lightning	3RR	5	Instant	"Choose any target. Scry 3, then reveal the top card of your library. Riddle of Lightning deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to that permanent or player. (To scry 3, look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	R	R	Journey into Nyx	107	uncommon	Daarken		
Starfall	4R	5	Instant	"Starfall deals 3 damage to target creature. If that creature is an enchantment, Starfall deals 3 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	114	common	Chris Rahn		
Spoils of the Vault	B	1	Instant	"Choose a card name. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card with that name, then put that card into your hand. Exile all other cards revealed this way, and you lose 1 life for each of the exiled cards."	B	B	Mirrodin	78	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Retract	U	1	Instant	Return all artifacts you control to their owner's hand.	U	U	Darksteel	32	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Oxidize	G	1	Instant	Destroy target artifact. It can't be regenerated.	G	G	Darksteel	79	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Magnetic Theft	R	1	Instant	Attach target Equipment to target creature. (Control of the Equipment doesn't change.)	R	R	Fifth Dawn	74	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Reciprocate	W	1	Instant	Exile target creature that dealt damage to you this turn.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	40	uncommon	Pat Lee		
Hail of Arrows	XW	1	Instant	Hail of Arrows deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target attacking creatures.	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	11	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
One with Nothing	B	1	Instant	Discard your hand.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	84	rare	Jim Nelson		
Festival of the Guildpact	XW	1	Instant	"Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to you this turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	17	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Darkblast	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Dredge 3 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly three cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	82	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Quicken	U	1	Instant	"The next sorcery card you cast this turn can be cast as though it had flash. (It can be cast any time you could cast an instant.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	31	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Condemn	W	1	Instant	Put target attacking creature on the bottom of its owner's library. Its controller gains life equal to its toughness.	W	W	Dissension	8	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Spell Snare	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell with converted mana cost 2.	U	U	Dissension	33	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Weight of Spires	R	1	Instant	Weight of Spires deals damage to target creature equal to the number of nonbasic lands that creature's controller controls.	R	R	Dissension	78	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Luminesce	W	1	Instant	Prevent all damage that black sources and red sources would deal this turn.	W	W	Coldsnap	14	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Balduvian Rage	XR	1	Instant	"Target attacking creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Coldsnap	76	uncommon	John Matson		
Angel's Grace	W	1	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
You can't lose the game this turn and your opponents can't win the game this turn. Until end of turn, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead."	W	W	Time Spiral	3	rare	Mark Zug		
Pull from Eternity	W	1	Instant	Put target face-up exiled card into its owner's graveyard.	W	W	Time Spiral	35	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Moonlace	U	1	Instant	Target spell or permanent becomes colorless.	U	U	Time Spiral	68	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Spell Burst	XU	1	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Counter target spell with converted mana cost X."	U	U	Time Spiral	79	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Might of Old Krosa	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you cast this spell during your main phase, that creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn instead."	G	G	Time Spiral	204	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Rebuff the Wicked	W	1	Instant	Counter target spell that targets a permanent you control.	W	W	Planar Chaos	12	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Pongify	U	1	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Ape creature token.	U	U	Planar Chaos	44	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Venarian Glimmer	XU	1	Instant	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card with converted mana cost X or less from it. That player discards that card.	U	U	Planar Chaos	52	uncommon	John Avon		
Extirpate	B	1	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Choose target card in a graveyard other than a basic land card. Search its owner's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Planar Chaos	71	rare	Jon Foster		
Timecrafting	XR	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Remove X time counters from target permanent or suspended card.
? Put X time counters on target permanent with a time counter on it or suspended card."	R	R	Planar Chaos	109	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Scout's Warning	W	1	Instant	"The next creature card you play this turn can be played as though it had flash.
Draw a card."	W	W	Future Sight	16	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Dream Salvage	U/B	1	Instant	Draw cards equal to the number of cards target opponent discarded this turn.	U	U	Shadowmoor	160	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Guttural Response	R/G	1	Instant	Counter target blue instant spell.	R	R	Shadowmoor	208	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Path to Exile	W	1	Instant	"Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their library."	W	W	Conflux	15	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Brave the Elements	W	1	Instant	Choose a color. White creatures you control gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn.	W	W	Zendikar	4	uncommon	Goran Josic		
Unstable Footing	R	1	Instant	"Kicker {3}{R} (You may pay an additional {3}{R} as you cast this spell.)
Damage can't be prevented this turn. If this spell was kicked, it deals 5 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Zendikar	153	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Primal Bellow	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Forest you control.	G	G	Zendikar	176	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Suffer the Past	XB	1	Instant	"Exile X target cards from target player's graveyard. For each card exiled this way, that player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	128	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Twisted Image	U	1	Instant	"Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	50	uncommon	Izzy		
Dispatch	W	1	Instant	"Tap target creature.
Metalcraft ? If you control three or more artifacts, exile that creature."	W	W	New Phyrexia	7	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Marrow Shards	W/P	1	Instant	"({W/P} can be paid with either {W} or 2 life.)
Marrow Shards deals 1 damage to each attacking creature."	W	W	New Phyrexia	15	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Surgical Extraction	B/P	1	Instant	"({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)
Choose target card in a graveyard other than a basic land card. Search its owner's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	New Phyrexia	74	rare	Steven Belledin		
Noxious Revival	G/P	1	Instant	"({G/P} can be paid with either {G} or 2 life.)
Put target card from a graveyard on top of its owner's library."	G	G	New Phyrexia	118	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Purify the Grave	W	1	Instant	"Exile target card from a graveyard.
Flashback {W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Innistrad	27	uncommon	Drew Baker		
Faith's Shield	W	1	Instant	"Target permanent you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Fateful hour ? If you have 5 or less life, instead you and each permanent you control gain protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Dark Ascension	7	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Divine Deflection	XW	1	Instant	"Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to you and/or permanents you control this turn. If damage is prevented this way, Divine Deflection deals that much damage to any target."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	18	rare	Steve Prescott		
Human Frailty	B	1	Instant	Destroy target Human creature.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	109	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Blustersquall	U	1	Instant	"Tap target creature you don't control.
Overload {3}{U} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	30	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Street Spasm	XR	1	Instant	"Street Spasm deals X damage to target creature without flying you don't control.
Overload {X}{X}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	106	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Gridlock	XU	1	Instant	Tap X target nonland permanents.	U	U	Gatecrash	36	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Rapid Hybridization	U	1	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. That creature's controller creates a 3/3 green Frog Lizard creature token.	U	U	Gatecrash	44	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Killing Glare	XB	1	Instant	Destroy target creature with power X or less.	B	B	Gatecrash	70	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Swan Song	U	1	Instant	"Counter target enchantment, instant, or sorcery spell. Its controller creates a 2/2 blue Bird creature token with flying."	U	U	Theros	65	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Triton Tactics	U	1	Instant	"Up to two target creatures each get +0/+3 until end of turn. Untap those creatures. At this turn's next end of combat, tap each creature that was blocked by one of those creatures this turn and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Theros	71	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Dark Betrayal	B	1	Instant	Destroy target black creature.	B	B	Theros	83	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Coordinated Assault	R	1	Instant	Up to two target creatures each get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Theros	116	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Warriors' Lesson	G	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, up to two target creatures you control each gain ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."""	G	G	Theros	184	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Glimpse the Sun God	XW	1	Instant	Tap X target creatures. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	W	W	Born of the Gods	13	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Kiora's Dismissal	U	1	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {U} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Return any number of target enchantments to their owners' hands."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	44	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Awe Strike	W	1	Instant	"The next time target creature would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way."	W	W	Mirrodin	6	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Annul	U	1	Instant	Counter target artifact or enchantment spell.	U	U	Mirrodin	29	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Disarm	U	1	Instant	Unattach all Equipment from target creature.	U	U	Mirrodin	32	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dream's Grip	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Tap target permanent.
? Untap target permanent.
Entwine {1} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	U	U	Mirrodin	34	common	Jim Nelson		
Electrostatic Bolt	R	1	Instant	"Electrostatic Bolt deals 2 damage to target creature. If it's an artifact creature, Electrostatic Bolt deals 4 damage to it instead."	R	R	Mirrodin	89	common	Randy Gallegos		
Battlegrowth	G	1	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	G	G	Mirrodin	113	common	John Matson		
Turn to Dust	G	1	Instant	Destroy target Equipment. Add {G}.	G	G	Mirrodin	137	common	Wayne England		
Hallow	W	1	Instant	Prevent all damage target spell would deal this turn. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way.	W	W	Darksteel	4	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Inflame	R	1	Instant	Inflame deals 2 damage to each creature dealt damage this turn.	R	R	Darksteel	64	common	Hugh Jamieson		
Stand Firm	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	W	W	Fifth Dawn	17	common	Matt Cavotta		
Condescend	XU	1	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Fifth Dawn	27	common	Ron Spears		
Lose Hope	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	B	B	Fifth Dawn	52	common	Matt Cavotta		
Mending Hands	W	1	Instant	Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	15	common	Douglas Shuler		
Wojek Siren	W	1	Instant	Radiance ? Target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	37	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Dizzy Spell	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn.
Transmute {1}{U}{U} ({1}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	43	common	Christopher Moeller		
Disembowel	XB	1	Instant	Destroy target creature with converted mana cost X.	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	85	common	Chengo McFlingers		
Surge of Zeal	R	1	Instant	Radiance ? Target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it gain haste until end of turn.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	146	common	Justin Sweet		
Gather Courage	G	1	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	165	common	Brian Despain		
Gigadrowse	U	1	Instant	"Replicate {U} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Tap target permanent."	U	U	Guildpact	26	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Repeal	XU	1	Instant	"Return target nonland permanent with converted mana cost X to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	32	common	Dan Scott		
Cremate	B	1	Instant	"Exile target card from a graveyard.
Draw a card."	B	B	Guildpact	45	common	Paolo Parente		
Valor Made Real	W	1	Instant	Target creature can block any number of creatures this turn.	W	W	Dissension	20	common	Jeff Miracola		
Thermal Flux	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target nonsnow permanent becomes snow until end of turn.
? Target snow permanent isn't snow until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Coldsnap	49	common	Jeff Miracola		
Skred	R	1	Instant	Skred deals damage to target creature equal to the number of snow permanents you control.	R	R	Coldsnap	97	common	Christopher Moeller		
Clockspinning	U	1	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Choose a counter on target permanent or suspended card. Remove that counter from that permanent or card or put another of those counters on it."	U	U	Time Spiral	53	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Lightning Axe	R	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card or pay {5}.
Lightning Axe deals 5 damage to target creature."	R	R	Time Spiral	168	common	Dan Scott		
Molder	XG	1	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment with converted mana cost X. It can't be regenerated. You gain X life.	G	G	Time Spiral	206	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Sprout	G	1	Instant	Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.	G	G	Time Spiral	221	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Thrill of the Hunt	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+2 until end of turn.
Flashback {W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	W	Time Spiral	229	common	Stephen Tappin		
Mana Tithe	W	1	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.	W	W	Planar Chaos	25	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Piracy Charm	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gains islandwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
? Target creature gets +2/-1 until end of turn.
? Target player discards a card."	U	U	Planar Chaos	58	common	John Avon		
Midnight Charm	B	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Midnight Charm deals 1 damage to target creature and you gain 1 life.
? Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.
? Tap target creature."	B	B	Planar Chaos	74	common	John Avon		
Brute Force	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	R	R	Planar Chaos	116	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Healing Leaves	G	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target player gains 3 life.
? Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	G	G	Planar Chaos	150	common	Michael Sutfin		
Broken Ambitions	XU	1	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. Clash with an opponent. If you win, that spell's controller puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	54	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Needle Drop	R	1	Instant	"Needle Drop deals 1 damage to any target that was dealt damage this turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Lorwyn	186	common	Greg Staples		
Coordinated Barrage	W	1	Instant	Choose a creature type. Coordinated Barrage deals damage to target attacking or blocking creature equal to the number of permanents you control of the chosen type.	W	W	Morningtide	7	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Kindled Fury	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Morningtide	92	common	Shelly Wan		
Shard Volley	R	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
Shard Volley deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Morningtide	103	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Niveous Wisps	W	1	Instant	"Target creature becomes white until end of turn. Tap that creature.
Draw a card."	W	W	Shadowmoor	15	common	Jim Nelson		
Strip Bare	W	1	Instant	Destroy all Auras and Equipment attached to target creature.	W	W	Shadowmoor	24	common	Ralph Horsley		
Cerulean Wisps	U	1	Instant	"Target creature becomes blue until end of turn. Untap that creature.
Draw a card."	U	U	Shadowmoor	31	common	Jim Nelson		
Aphotic Wisps	B	1	Instant	"Target creature becomes black and gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Draw a card."	B	B	Shadowmoor	55	common	Jim Nelson		
Crimson Wisps	R	1	Instant	"Target creature becomes red and gains haste until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Shadowmoor	88	common	Jim Nelson		
Viridescent Wisps	G	1	Instant	"Target creature becomes green and gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Shadowmoor	132	common	Jim Nelson		
Scar	B/R	1	Instant	Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.	R	R	Shadowmoor	194	common	Pete Venters		
Barkshell Blessing	G/W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	224	common	Steven Belledin		
Banishing Knack	U	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gains ""{T}: Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand."""	U	U	Eventide	17	common	Howard Lyon		
Beckon Apparition	W/B	1	Instant	Exile target card from a graveyard. Create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.	W	W	Eventide	82	common	Larry MacDougall		
Shadowfeed	B	1	Instant	Exile target card from a graveyard. You gain 3 life.	B	B	Shards of Alara	86	common	Dave Kendall		
Magma Spray	R	1	Instant	"Magma Spray deals 2 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Shards of Alara	108	common	Jarreau Wimberly		
Constricting Tendrils	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Conflux	22	common	David Palumbo		
Might of Alara	G	1	Instant	Domain ? Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each basic land type among lands you control.	G	G	Conflux	85	common	Steve Prescott		
Shieldmate's Blessing	W	1	Instant	Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Zendikar	35	common	Mike Bierek		
Vampire's Bite	B	1	Instant	"Kicker {2}{B} (You may pay an additional {2}{B} as you cast this spell.)
Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, that creature gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Zendikar	117	common	Christopher Moeller		
Burst Lightning	R	1	Instant	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Burst Lightning deals 2 damage to any target. If this spell was kicked, it deals 4 damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Zendikar	119	common	Vance Kovacs		
Vines of Vastwood	G	1	Instant	"Kicker {G} (You may pay an additional {G} as you cast this spell.)
Target creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control this turn. If this spell was kicked, that creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn."	G	G	Zendikar	193	common	Christopher Moeller		
Veteran's Reflexes	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap that creature.	W	W	Worldwake	23	common	Scott Chou		
Dispel	U	1	Instant	Counter target instant spell.	U	U	Worldwake	26	common	Vance Kovacs		
Bull Rush	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Worldwake	73	common	Christopher Moeller		
Groundswell	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Landfall ? If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, that creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn instead."	G	G	Worldwake	104	common	Chris Rahn		
Nature's Claim	G	1	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Its controller gains 4 life.	G	G	Worldwake	108	common	Daarken		
Emerge Unscathed	W	1	Instant	"Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	20	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Smite	W	1	Instant	Destroy target blocked creature.	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	43	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Aura Finesse	U	1	Instant	"Attach target Aura you control to target creature.
Draw a card."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	54	common	Howard Lyon		
Fleeting Distraction	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	67	common	Kieran Yanner		
Vendetta	B	1	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. You lose life equal to that creature's toughness.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	130	common	Karl Kopinski		
Virulent Swipe	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	131	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Heat Ray	XR	1	Instant	Heat Ray deals X damage to target creature.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	150	common	Austin Hsu		
Leaf Arrow	G	1	Instant	Leaf Arrow deals 3 damage to target creature with flying.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	194	common	Eric Deschamps		
Prey's Vengeance	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	205	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Seize the Initiative	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	20	common	Steve Argyle		
Turn Aside	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell that targets a permanent you control.	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	49	common	Shelly Wan		
Vault Skyward	U	1	Instant	Target creature gains flying until end of turn. Untap it.	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	51	common	Dan Scott		
Tainted Strike	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains infect until end of turn. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	80	common	James Ryman		
Galvanic Blast	R	1	Instant	"Galvanic Blast deals 2 damage to any target.
Metalcraft ? Galvanic Blast deals 4 damage to that permanent or player instead if you control three or more artifacts."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	91	common	Marc Simonetti		
Untamed Might	XG	1	Instant	Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn.	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	131	common	Erica Yang		
Wing Puncture	G	1	Instant	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature with flying.	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	133	common	jD		
Withstand Death	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)"	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	134	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Steel Sabotage	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target artifact spell.
? Return target artifact to its owner's hand."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	33	common	Daarken		
Virulent Wound	B	1	Instant	"Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. When that creature dies this turn, its controller gets a poison counter."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	57	common	Whit Brachna		
Crush	R	1	Instant	Destroy target noncreature artifact.	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	61	common	Matt Stewart		
Mirran Mettle	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Metalcraft ? That creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn instead if you control three or more artifacts."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	84	common	Karl Kopinski		
Unnatural Predation	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	93	common	Shelly Wan		
Vapor Snag	U	1	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. Its controller loses 1 life.	U	U	New Phyrexia	48	common	Raymond Swanland		
Gut Shot	R/P	1	Instant	"({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)
Gut Shot deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	New Phyrexia	86	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Mutagenic Growth	G/P	1	Instant	"({G/P} can be paid with either {G} or 2 life.)
Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	New Phyrexia	116	common	Dave Kendall		
Dream Twist	U	1	Instant	"Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.
Flashback {1}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	54	common	Dan Scott		
Geistflame	R	1	Instant	"Geistflame deals 1 damage to any target.
Flashback {3}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Innistrad	144	common	Scott Chou		
Ranger's Guile	G	1	Instant	Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Innistrad	201	common	Steve Prescott		
Saving Grasp	U	1	Instant	"Return target creature you own to your hand.
Flashback {W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	W	Dark Ascension	46	common	Matt Stewart		
Thought Scour	U	1	Instant	"Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard.
Draw a card."	U	U	Dark Ascension	52	common	David Rapoza		
Tragic Slip	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Morbid ? That creature gets -13/-13 until end of turn instead if a creature died this turn."	B	B	Dark Ascension	76	common	Christopher Moeller		
Undying Evil	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gains undying until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dark Ascension	77	common	Kev Walker		
Hunger of the Howlpack	G	1	Instant	"Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Morbid ? Put three +1/+1 counters on that creature instead if a creature died this turn."	G	G	Dark Ascension	119	common	Nils Hamm		
Cloudshift	W	1	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	12	common	Howard Lyon		
Outwit	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell that targets a player.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	70	common	Erica Yang		
Death Wind	XB	1	Instant	Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	93	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Banners Raised	R	1	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Avacyn Restored	127	common	Mike Bierek		
Joint Assault	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it's paired with a creature, that creature also gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	183	common	Raymond Swanland		
Snare the Skies	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Avacyn Restored	193	common	Ryan Yee		
Swift Justice	W	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike and lifelink."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	26	common	Karl Kopinski		
Downsize	U	1	Instant	"Target creature you don't control gets -4/-0 until end of turn.
Overload {2}{U} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	38	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Mizzium Skin	U	1	Instant	"Target creature you control gets +0/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn.
Overload {1}{U} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	45	common	Scott Chou		
Dynacharge	R	1	Instant	"Target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
Overload {2}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	92	common	Matt Stewart		
Electrickery	R	1	Instant	"Electrickery deals 1 damage to target creature you don't control.
Overload {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	93	common	Greg Staples		
Shielded Passage	W	1	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.	W	W	Gatecrash	24	common	Raymond Swanland		
Furious Resistance	R	1	Instant	Target blocking creature gets +3/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Gatecrash	93	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Burst of Strength	G	1	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and untap it.	G	G	Gatecrash	115	common	Marco Nelor		
Bioshift	G/U	1	Instant	Move any number of +1/+1 counters from target creature onto another target creature with the same controller.	U	U	Gatecrash	214	common	Scott Chou		
Weapon Surge	R	1	Instant	"Target creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
Overload {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Dragon's Maze	40	common	Jason Felix		
Mending Touch	G	1	Instant	Regenerate target creature.	G	G	Dragon's Maze	44	common	Karla Ortiz		
Mutant's Prey	G	1	Instant	Target creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it fights target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Dragon's Maze	45	common	Ryan Barger		
Gods Willing	W	1	Instant	Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	W	W	Theros	16	common	Mark Winters		
Lost in a Labyrinth	U	1	Instant	Target creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Theros	52	common	Winona Nelson		
Boon of Erebos	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Regenerate it. You lose 2 life.	B	B	Theros	80	common	James Ryman		
Spark Jolt	R	1	Instant	Spark Jolt deals 1 damage to any target. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Theros	140	common	Mike Bierek		
Titan's Strength	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+1 until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Theros	145	common	Karl Kopinski		
Mortal's Ardor	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)	W	W	Born of the Gods	20	common	Kev Walker		
Retraction Helix	U	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gains ""{T}: Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand."""	U	U	Born of the Gods	49	common	Phill Simmer		
Eye Gouge	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. If it's a Cyclops, destroy it."	B	B	Born of the Gods	67	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Aspect of Hydra	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is your devotion to green. (Each {G} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)"	G	G	Born of the Gods	117	common	Mark Winters		
Ajani's Presence	W	1	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{W} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each get +1/+1 and gain indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them.)"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	2	common	Raymond Swanland		
Aerial Formation	U	1	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{U} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each get +1/+1 and gain flying until end of turn."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	30	common	Zack Stella		
Cruel Feeding	B	1	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{B} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each get +1/+0 and gain lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Journey into Nyx	64	common	Jason A. Engle		
Rouse the Mob	R	1	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{R} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each get +2/+0 and gain trample until end of turn."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	109	common	John Stanko		
Nature's Panoply	G	1	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{G} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Choose any number of target creatures. Put a +1/+1 counter on each of them."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	131	common	John Avon		
Tempest of Light	2W	3	Instant	Destroy all enchantments.	W	W	Mirrodin	28	uncommon	Wayne England		
Thirst for Knowledge	2U	3	Instant	Draw three cards. Then discard two cards unless you discard an artifact card.	U	U	Mirrodin	53	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Grim Reminder	2B	3	Instant	"Search your library for a nonland card and reveal it. Each opponent who cast a card this turn with the same name as that card loses 6 life. Then shuffle your library.
{B}{B}: Return Grim Reminder from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Mirrodin	66	rare	Wayne England		
Pulse of the Fields	1WW	3	Instant	"You gain 4 life. Then if an opponent has more life than you, return Pulse of the Fields to its owner's hand."	W	W	Darksteel	11	rare	Paolo Parente		
Pulse of the Grid	1UU	3	Instant	"Draw two cards, then discard a card. Then if an opponent has more cards in hand than you, return Pulse of the Grid to its owner's hand."	U	U	Darksteel	29	rare	Wayne England		
Second Sight	2U	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Look at the top five cards of target opponent's library, then put them back in any order.
? Look at the top five cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
Entwine {U} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	U	U	Darksteel	33	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Pulse of the Forge	1RR	3	Instant	"Pulse of the Forge deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker. Then if that player or that planeswalker's controller has more life than you, return Pulse of the Forge to its owner's hand."	R	R	Darksteel	66	rare	Paolo Parente		
Shunt	1RR	3	Instant	Change the target of target spell with a single target.	R	R	Darksteel	68	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Vanquish	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target blocking creature.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	20	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Hold the Line	1WW	3	Instant	Blocking creatures get +7/+7 until end of turn.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	13	rare	Ron Spears		
Hinder	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put that card on the top or bottom of its owner's library instead of into that player's graveyard."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	65	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Hanabi Blast	1RR	3	Instant	"Hanabi Blast deals 2 damage to any target. Return Hanabi Blast to its owner's hand, then discard a card at random."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	170	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Flames of the Blood Hand	2R	3	Instant	"Flames of the Blood Hand deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker. The damage can't be prevented. If that player would gain life this turn, that player gains no life instead."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	101	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Devouring Light	1WW	3	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Exile target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	13	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Char	2R	3	Instant	Char deals 4 damage to any target and 2 damage to you.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	117	rare	Adam Rex		
Chord of Calling	XGGG	3	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost X or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	156	rare	Heather Hudson		
Congregation at Dawn	GGW	3	Instant	"Search your library for up to three creature cards and reveal them. Shuffle your library, then put those cards on top of it in any order."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	198	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Putrefy	1BG	3	Instant	Destroy target artifact or creature. It can't be regenerated.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	221	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Ghostway	2W	3	Instant	Exile each creature you control. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Guildpact	6	rare	Jim Murray		
Thunderheads	2U	3	Instant	"Replicate {2}{U} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost.)
Create a 3/3 blue Weird creature token with defender and flying. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Guildpact	37	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Crash Landing	2G	3	Instant	Target creature with flying loses flying until end of turn. Crash Landing deals damage to that creature equal to the number of Forests you control.	G	G	Guildpact	82	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Cerebral Vortex	1UR	3	Instant	"Target player draws two cards, then Cerebral Vortex deals damage to that player equal to the number of cards they've drawn this turn."	U	U	Guildpact	107	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Electrolyze	1UR	3	Instant	"Electrolyze deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets.
Draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	111	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Schismotivate	1UR	3	Instant	Target creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn.	U	U	Guildpact	129	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Flash Foliage	2G	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat after blockers are declared.
Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token that's blocking target creature attacking you.
Draw a card."	G	G	Dissension	85	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Cytoshape	1GU	3	Instant	Choose a nonlegendary creature on the battlefield. Target creature becomes a copy of that creature until end of turn.	U	U	Dissension	108	rare	Alan Pollack		
Voidslime	GUU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell, activated ability, or triggered ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	U	U	Dissension	137	rare	Jim Murray		
Krovikan Rot	2B	3	Instant	"Destroy target creature with power 2 or less.
Recover {1}{B}{B} (When a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {1}{B}{B}. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	63	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Lightning Storm	1RR	3	Instant	"Lightning Storm deals X damage to any target, where X is 3 plus the number of charge counters on Lightning Storm.
Discard a land card: Put two charge counters on Lightning Storm. You may choose a new target for it. Any player may activate this ability but only if Lightning Storm is on the stack."	R	R	Coldsnap	89	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Wipe Away	1UU	3	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Time Spiral	94	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Sudden Death	1BB	3	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn."	B	B	Time Spiral	134	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Sudden Spoiling	1BB	3	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Until end of turn, creatures target player controls lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 0/2."	B	B	Time Spiral	135	rare	Alan Pollack		
Reiterate	1RR	3	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Time Spiral	175	rare	Dan Scott		
Krosan Grip	2G	3	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Time Spiral	202	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Kor Dirge	2B	3	Instant	All damage that would be dealt this turn to target creature you control by a source of your choice is dealt to another target creature instead.	B	B	Planar Chaos	87	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Fatal Frenzy	2R	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control gains trample and gets +X/+0, where X is its power. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Planar Chaos	98	rare	Steve Ellis		
Dust of Moments	2W	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Remove two time counters from each permanent and each suspended card.
? Put two time counters on each permanent with a time counter on it and each suspended card."	W	W	Future Sight	5	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Even the Odds	2W	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only if you control fewer creatures than each opponent.
Create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Future Sight	6	uncommon	Shishizaru		
Mercy Killing	2G/W	3	Instant	"Target creature's controller sacrifices it, then creates X 1/1 green and white Elf Warrior creature tokens, where X is that creature's power."	W	W	Shadowmoor	231	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Dream Fracture	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell. Its controller draws a card.
Draw a card."	U	U	Eventide	19	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Unnerving Assault	2U/R	3	Instant	"Creatures your opponents control get -1/-0 until end of turn if {U} was spent to cast Unnerving Assault, and creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn if {R} was spent to cast it. (Do both if {U}{R} was spent.)"	U	U	Eventide	114	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Moonhold	2R/W	3	Instant	Target player can't play lands this turn if {R} was spent to cast Moonhold and can't cast creature spells this turn if {W} was spent to cast it. (Do both if {R}{W} was spent.)	W	W	Eventide	143	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Bant Charm	GWU	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Put target creature on the bottom of its owner's library.
? Counter target instant spell."	W	W	Shards of Alara	155	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Esper Charm	WUB	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Draw two cards.
? Target player discards two cards."	W	W	Shards of Alara	167	uncommon	Michael Bruinsma		
Grixis Charm	UBR	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
? Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.
? Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Shards of Alara	171	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Jund Charm	BRG	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.
? Jund Charm deals 2 damage to each creature.
? Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature."	R	R	Shards of Alara	175	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Naya Charm	RGW	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Naya Charm deals 3 damage to target creature.
? Return target card from a graveyard to its owner's hand.
? Tap all creatures target player controls."	W	W	Shards of Alara	180	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Volcanic Fallout	1RR	3	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Volcanic Fallout deals 2 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Conflux	74	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Filigree Fracture	2G	3	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If that permanent was blue or black, draw a card."	G	G	Conflux	82	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Double Negative	UUR	3	Instant	Counter up to two target spells.	U	U	Alara Reborn	87	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Intimidation Bolt	1RW	3	Instant	Intimidation Bolt deals 3 damage to target creature. Other creatures can't attack this turn.	W	W	Alara Reborn	99	uncommon	Michael Bruinsma		
Flurry of Wings	GWU	3	Instant	"Create X 1/1 white Bird Soldier creature tokens with flying, where X is the number of attacking creatures."	W	W	Alara Reborn	127	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Spell Contortion	2U	3	Instant	"Multikicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}. Draw a card for each time Spell Contortion was kicked."	U	U	Worldwake	38	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Realms Uncharted	2G	3	Instant	Search your library for up to four land cards with different names and reveal them. An opponent chooses two of those cards. Put the chosen cards into your graveyard and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	206	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Dispense Justice	2W	3	Instant	"Target player sacrifices an attacking creature.
Metalcraft ? That player sacrifices two attacking creatures instead if you control three or more artifacts."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	5	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Halt Order	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target artifact spell.
Draw a card."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	34	uncommon	Izzy		
Choking Fumes	2W	3	Instant	Put a -1/-1 counter on each attacking creature.	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	4	uncommon	Scott Chou		
White Sun's Zenith	XWWW	3	Instant	Create X 2/2 white Cat creature tokens. Shuffle White Sun's Zenith into its owner's library.	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	19	rare	Mike Bierek		
Blue Sun's Zenith	XUUU	3	Instant	Target player draws X cards. Shuffle Blue Sun's Zenith into its owner's library.	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	20	rare	Izzy		
Argent Mutation	2U	3	Instant	"Target permanent becomes an artifact in addition to its other types until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	New Phyrexia	27	uncommon	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Dismember	1B/PB/P	3	Instant	"({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)
Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn."	B	B	New Phyrexia	57	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Beast Within	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Beast creature token.	G	G	New Phyrexia	103	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Midnight Haunting	2W	3	Instant	Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.	W	W	Innistrad	22	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Cackling Counterpart	1UU	3	Instant	"Create a token that's a copy of target creature you control.
Flashback {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	46	rare	David Rapoza		
Dissipate	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	53	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Tribute to Hunger	2B	3	Instant	Target opponent sacrifices a creature. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness.	B	B	Innistrad	119	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Rush of Blood	2R	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is its power."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	154	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Eaten by Spiders	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target creature with flying and all Equipment attached to that creature.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	177	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Counterflux	UUR	3	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Counter target spell you don't control.
Overload {1}{U}{U}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	153	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Sphinx's Revelation	XWUU	3	Instant	You gain X life and draw X cards.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	200	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Hindervines	2G	3	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures with no +1/+1 counters on them.	G	G	Gatecrash	124	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Arrows of Justice	2R/W	3	Instant	Arrows of Justice deals 4 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Gatecrash	211	uncommon	James Ryman		
Dragonshift	1UR	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control becomes a blue and red Dragon with base power and toughness 4/4, loses all abilities, and gains flying.
Overload {3}{U}{U}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Dragon's Maze	66	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Render Silent	WUU	3	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller can't cast spells this turn.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	96	rare	Matt Stewart		
Restore the Peace	1WU	3	Instant	Return each creature that dealt damage this turn to its owner's hand.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	97	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Showstopper	1BR	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain ""When this creature dies, it deals 2 damage to target creature an opponent controls."""	R	R	Dragon's Maze	102	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Dauntless Onslaught	2W	3	Instant	Up to two target creatures each get +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Theros	6	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Hero's Downfall	1BB	3	Instant	Destroy target creature or planeswalker.	B	B	Theros	90	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Fated Infatuation	UUU	3	Instant	"Create a token that's a copy of target creature you control. If it's your turn, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Born of the Gods	39	rare	Winona Nelson		
Reap What Is Sown	1GW	3	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to three target creatures.	W	W	Born of the Gods	154	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Phalanx Formation	2W	3	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {1}{W} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each gain double strike until end of turn. (They deal both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	21	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Hour of Need	2U	3	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {1}{U} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Exile any number of target creatures. For each creature exiled this way, its controller creates a 4/4 blue Sphinx creature token with flying."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	40	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Polymorphous Rush	2U	3	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {1}{U} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Choose a creature on the battlefield. Any number of target creatures you control each become a copy of that creature until end of turn."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	46	rare	Ryan Barger		
Nightmarish End	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	76	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Colossal Heroics	2G	3	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {1}{G} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each get +2/+2 until end of turn. Untap those creatures."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	118	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Consign to Dust	2G	3	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{G} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Destroy any number of target artifacts and/or enchantments."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	119	uncommon	Andreas Rocha		
Blinding Beam	2W	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Tap two target creatures.
? Creatures don't untap during target player's next untap step.
Entwine {1} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	W	W	Mirrodin	7	common	Doug Chaffee		
Override	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each artifact you control.	U	U	Mirrodin	45	common	Hugh Jamieson		
Regress	2U	3	Instant	Return target permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Mirrodin	48	common	Randy Gallegos		
Wail of the Nim	2B	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Regenerate each creature you control.
? Wail of the Nim deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.
Entwine {B} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	B	B	Mirrodin	81	common	John Matson		
Incite War	2R	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Creatures target player controls attack this turn if able.
? Creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.
Entwine {2} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	R	R	Mirrodin	96	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Metal Fatigue	2W	3	Instant	Tap all artifacts.	W	W	Darksteel	8	common	Arnie Swekel		
Machinate	1UU	3	Instant	"Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of artifacts you control. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Darksteel	24	common	Wayne England		
Magnetic Flux	2U	3	Instant	Artifact creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.	U	U	Darksteel	25	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Vex	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell. That spell's controller may draw a card.	U	U	Darksteel	36	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Barbed Lightning	2R	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Barbed Lightning deals 3 damage to target creature.
? Barbed Lightning deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Entwine {2} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	R	R	Darksteel	55	common	Hugh Jamieson		
Unforge	2R	3	Instant	"Destroy target Equipment. If that Equipment was attached to a creature, Unforge deals 2 damage to that creature."	R	R	Darksteel	71	common	Kev Walker		
Armed Response	2W	3	Instant	Armed Response deals damage to target attacking creature equal to the number of Equipment you control.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	2	common	Doug Chaffee		
Ferocious Charge	2G	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	G	G	Fifth Dawn	88	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Thoughtbind	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell with converted mana cost 4 or less.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	96	common	Rob Alexander		
Rend Spirit	2B	3	Instant	Destroy target Spirit.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	141	common	Stephen Tappin		
Yamabushi's Flame	2R	3	Instant	"Yamabushi's Flame deals 3 damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	198	common	Christopher Moeller		
Oppressive Will	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each card in your hand.	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	50	common	Pat Lee		
Boros Fury-Shield	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target attacking or blocking creature this turn. If {R} was spent to cast Boros Fury-Shield, it deals damage to that creature's controller equal to the creature's power."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	5	common	Wayne England		
Smash	2R	3	Instant	"Destroy target artifact.
Draw a card."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	143	common	Paolo Parente		
Sundering Vitae	2G	3	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	185	common	Shishizaru		
Perplex	1UB	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller discards their hand.
Transmute {1}{U}{B} ({1}{U}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	217	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Rally the Righteous	1RW	3	Instant	Radiance ? Untap target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it. Those creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	222	common	Dan Scott		
Withstand	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Guildpact	21	common	Ron Spears		
Runeboggle	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	33	common	Ron Spencer		
Douse in Gloom	2B	3	Instant	Douse in Gloom deals 2 damage to target creature and you gain 2 life.	B	B	Guildpact	49	common	Kev Walker		
Wildsize	2G	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Guildpact	98	common	Jim Murray		
Steeling Stance	1WW	3	Instant	"Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Forecast ? {W}, Reveal Steeling Stance from your hand: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Dissension	18	common	Randy Gallegos		
Fortify	2W	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
? Creatures you control get +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Time Spiral	19	common	Christopher Moeller		
Bewilder	2U	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Time Spiral	49	common	Ralph Horsley		
Strangling Soot	2B	3	Instant	"Destroy target creature with toughness 3 or less.
Flashback {5}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	R	Time Spiral	132	common	Jim Murray		
Orcish Cannonade	1RR	3	Instant	"Orcish Cannonade deals 2 damage to any target and 3 damage to you.
Draw a card."	R	R	Time Spiral	172	common	Pete Venters		
Erratic Mutation	2U	3	Instant	"Choose target creature. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card. That creature gets +X/-X until end of turn, where X is that card's converted mana cost. Put all cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Planar Chaos	41	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Venser's Diffusion	2U	3	Instant	Return target nonland permanent or suspended card to its owner's hand.	U	U	Future Sight	47	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Footbottom Feast	2B	3	Instant	"Put any number of target creature cards from your graveyard on top of your library.
Draw a card."	B	B	Lorwyn	115	common	Jim Nelson		
Lace with Moonglove	2G	3	Instant	"Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy that creature.)
Draw a card."	G	G	Lorwyn	225	common	Rebecca Guay		
Luminescent Rain	2G	3	Instant	Choose a creature type. You gain 2 life for each permanent you control of that type.	G	G	Morningtide	129	common	John Avon		
Consign to Dream	2U	3	Instant	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand. If that permanent is red or green, put it on top of its owner's library instead."	U	U	Shadowmoor	32	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Oona's Grace	2U	3	Instant	"Target player draws a card.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	U	U	Eventide	27	common	Rebecca Guay		
Puncture Blast	2R	3	Instant	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Puncture Blast deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Eventide	60	common	Carl Critchlow		
Unmake	W/BW/BW/B	3	Instant	Exile target creature.	W	W	Eventide	96	common	Steven Belledin		
Fire at Will	R/WR/WR/W	3	Instant	"Fire at Will deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target attacking or blocking creatures."	W	W	Eventide	140	common	Pete Venters		
Snakeform	2G/U	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and becomes a green Snake with base power and toughness 1/1.
Draw a card."	U	U	Eventide	161	common	Jim Nelson		
Resounding Wave	2U	3	Instant	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
Cycling {5}{W}{U}{B} ({5}{W}{U}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Resounding Wave, return two target permanents to their owners' hands."	U	W	Shards of Alara	54	common	Izzy		
Spell Snip	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	57	common	Michael Sutfin		
Resounding Thunder	2R	3	Instant	"Resounding Thunder deals 3 damage to any target.
Cycling {5}{B}{R}{G} ({5}{B}{R}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Resounding Thunder, it deals 6 damage to any target."	R	R	Shards of Alara	110	common	Jon Foster		
Soul's Fire	2R	3	Instant	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to any target.	R	R	Shards of Alara	115	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Branching Bolt	1RG	3	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Branching Bolt deals 3 damage to target creature with flying.
? Branching Bolt deals 3 damage to target creature without flying."	R	R	Shards of Alara	158	common	Vance Kovacs		
Lapse of Certainty	2W	3	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put it on top of its owner's library instead of into that player's graveyard."	W	W	Conflux	9	common	Anthony Francisco		
Drag Down	2B	3	Instant	Domain ? Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each basic land type among lands you control.	B	B	Conflux	42	common	Trevor Claxton		
Dark Temper	2R	3	Instant	"Dark Temper deals 2 damage to target creature. If you control a black permanent, destroy the creature instead."	R	R	Conflux	61	common	Jaime Jones		
Soul Manipulation	1UB	3	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Counter target creature spell.
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Alara Reborn	29	common	Carl Critchlow		
Violent Outburst	1RG	3	Instant	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Alara Reborn	63	common	Richard Whitters		
Bold Defense	2W	3	Instant	"Kicker {3}{W} (You may pay an additional {3}{W} as you cast this spell.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, instead creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Zendikar	3	common	Scott Chou		
Narrow Escape	2W	3	Instant	Return target permanent you control to its owner's hand. You gain 4 life.	W	W	Zendikar	27	common	Karl Kopinski		
Hideous End	1BB	3	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature. Its controller loses 2 life.	B	B	Zendikar	98	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Slaughter Cry	2R	3	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	R	R	Zendikar	149	common	Matt Cavotta		
Harrow	2G	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Zendikar	165	common	Izzy		
Aether Tradewinds	2U	3	Instant	Return target permanent you control and target permanent you don't control to their owners' hands.	U	U	Worldwake	24	common	Kieran Yanner		
Twitch	2U	3	Instant	"You may tap or untap target artifact, creature, or land.
Draw a card."	U	U	Worldwake	43	common	Scott Chou		
Tomb Hex	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
Landfall ? If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, that creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn instead."	B	B	Worldwake	69	common	Izzy		
Repel the Darkness	2W	3	Instant	"Tap up to two target creatures.
Draw a card."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	42	common	Scott Chou		
Induce Despair	2B	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a creature card from your hand.
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the revealed card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	114	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Last Kiss	2B	3	Instant	Last Kiss deals 2 damage to target creature and you gain 2 life.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	116	common	Vance Kovacs		
Staggershock	2R	3	Instant	"Staggershock deals 2 damage to any target.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	166	common	Raymond Swanland		
Fulgent Distraction	2W	3	Instant	"Choose two target creatures. Tap those creatures, then unattach all Equipment from them."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	7	common	Nic Klein		
Steady Progress	2U	3	Instant	"Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	45	common	Efrem Palacios		
Stoic Rebuttal	1UU	3	Instant	"Metalcraft ? This spell costs {1} less to cast if you control three or more artifacts.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	46	common	Chris Rahn		
Master's Call	2W	3	Instant	Create two 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	13	common	David Rapoza		
Rally the Forces	2R	3	Instant	Attacking creatures get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	73	common	Steven Belledin		
Pistus Strike	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target creature with flying. Its controller gets a poison counter.	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	86	common	Jaime Jones		
Grim Affliction	2B	3	Instant	"Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	B	B	New Phyrexia	63	common	Erica Yang		
Volt Charge	2R	3	Instant	"Volt Charge deals 3 damage to any target. Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	R	R	New Phyrexia	100	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Rally the Peasants	2W	3	Instant	"Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
Flashback {2}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Innistrad	28	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Rebuke	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target attacking creature.	W	W	Innistrad	29	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Forbidden Alchemy	2U	3	Instant	"Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Flashback {6}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	55	common	David Rapoza		
Frightful Delusion	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}. That player discards a card.	U	U	Innistrad	57	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Hysterical Blindness	2U	3	Instant	Creatures your opponents control get -4/-0 until end of turn.	U	U	Innistrad	59	common	Wayne England		
Corpse Lunge	2B	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your graveyard.
Corpse Lunge deals damage equal to the exiled card's power to target creature."	B	B	Innistrad	93	common	Christopher Moeller		
Brimstone Volley	2R	3	Instant	"Brimstone Volley deals 3 damage to any target.
Morbid ? Brimstone Volley deals 5 damage to that permanent or player instead if a creature died this turn."	R	R	Innistrad	132	common	Eytan Zana		
Gnaw to the Bone	2G	3	Instant	"You gain 2 life for each creature card in your graveyard.
Flashback {2}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Innistrad	183	common	Scott Chou		
Spidery Grasp	2G	3	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +2/+4 and gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Innistrad	204	common	James Ryman		
Bar the Door	2W	3	Instant	Creatures you control get +0/+4 until end of turn.	W	W	Dark Ascension	2	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Gravepurge	2B	3	Instant	"Put any number of target creature cards from your graveyard on top of your library.
Draw a card."	B	B	Dark Ascension	65	common	Zoltan Boros		
Fires of Undeath	2R	3	Instant	"Fires of Undeath deals 2 damage to any target.
Flashback {5}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Dark Ascension	88	common	Jason Chan		
Clinging Mists	2G	3	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Fateful hour ? If you have 5 or less life, tap all attacking creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step."	G	G	Dark Ascension	109	common	Anthony Francisco		
Crushing Vines	2G	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target creature with flying.
? Destroy target artifact."	G	G	Dark Ascension	110	common	Scott Chou		
Wild Hunger	2G	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
Flashback {3}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	R	Dark Ascension	132	common	Karl Kopinski		
Leap of Faith	2W	3	Instant	Target creature gains flying until end of turn. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to that creature this turn.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	26	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Crippling Chill	2U	3	Instant	"Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Draw a card."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	46	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Ghostly Flicker	2U	3	Instant	"Exile two target artifacts, creatures, and/or lands you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under your control."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	57	common	Raymond Swanland		
Necrobite	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn. Regenerate it. (The next time that creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat. Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	115	common	Nils Hamm		
Natural End	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 3 life.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	185	common	Scott Chou		
Avenging Arrow	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target creature that dealt damage this turn.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	4	common	James Ryman		
Rootborn Defenses	2W	3	Instant	"Populate. Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn. (To populate, create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	19	common	Mark Zug		
Annihilating Fire	1RR	3	Instant	"Annihilating Fire deals 3 damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	85	common	Clint Cearley		
Aerial Predation	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target creature with flying. You gain 2 life.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	113	common	BD		
Auger Spree	1BR	3	Instant	Target creature gets +4/-4 until end of turn.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	144	common	Raymond Swanland		
Common Bond	1GW	3	Instant	"Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	151	common	Raymond Swanland		
Massive Raid	1RR	3	Instant	Massive Raid deals damage to any target equal to the number of creatures you control.	R	R	Gatecrash	100	common	Zoltan Boros		
Predator's Rapport	2G	3	Instant	Choose target creature you control. You gain life equal to that creature's power plus its toughness.	G	G	Gatecrash	129	common	Matt Stewart		
Psychic Strike	1UB	3	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Gatecrash	189	common	Mathias Kollros		
Riot Control	2W	3	Instant	You gain 1 life for each creature your opponents control. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	6	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Crypt Incursion	2B	3	Instant	Exile all creature cards from target player's graveyard. You gain 3 life for each card exiled this way.	B	B	Dragon's Maze	23	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Ray of Dissolution	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target enchantment. You gain 3 life.	W	W	Theros	27	common	Terese Nielsen		
Dissolve	1UU	3	Instant	Counter target spell. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Theros	47	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Shredding Winds	2G	3	Instant	Shredding Winds deals 7 damage to target creature with flying.	G	G	Theros	178	common	Christopher Moeller		
Roar of the Kha	1W	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
? Untap all creatures you control.
Entwine {1}{W} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	W	W	Mirrodin	18	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Shrapnel Blast	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Shrapnel Blast deals 5 damage to any target."	R	R	Mirrodin	106	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Purge	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact creature or black creature. It can't be regenerated.	W	W	Darksteel	12	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Spectral Shift	1U	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one basic land type with another. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
? Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
Entwine {2} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	U	U	Fifth Dawn	37	rare	John Avon		
Devour in Shadow	BB	2	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. You lose life equal to that creature's toughness.	B	B	Fifth Dawn	46	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Plunge into Darkness	1B	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Sacrifice any number of creatures. You gain 3 life for each sacrificed creature.
? Pay X life, then look at the top X cards of your library. Put one of those cards into your hand and exile the rest.
Entwine {B} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	B	B	Fifth Dawn	57	rare	Justin Sweet		
Tel-Jilad Justice	1G	2	Instant	"Destroy target artifact. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	G	G	Fifth Dawn	95	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Squelch	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target activated ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	92	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Sideswipe	1R	2	Instant	You may change any targets of target Arcane spell.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	187	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Hero's Demise	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target legendary creature.	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	68	rare	Jim Nelson		
Twincast	UU	2	Instant	Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	60	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Bathe in Light	1W	2	Instant	Radiance ? Choose a color. Target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	2	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Remand	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put it into its owner's hand instead of into that player's graveyard.
Draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	63	uncommon	Mark A. Nelson		
Reroute	1R	2	Instant	"Change the target of target activated ability with a single target. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Draw a card."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	139	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Lightning Helix	RW	2	Instant	Lightning Helix deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	213	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Shadow of Doubt	U/BU/B	2	Instant	"({U/B} can be paid with either {U} or {B}.)
Players can't search libraries this turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	253	rare	Greg Staples		
To Arms!	1W	2	Instant	"Untap all creatures you control.
Draw a card."	W	W	Guildpact	20	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Nightcreep	BB	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, all creatures become black and all lands become Swamps."	B	B	Dissension	49	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Ignorant Bliss	1R	2	Instant	"Exile all cards from your hand face down. At the beginning of the next end step, return those cards to your hand, then draw a card."	R	R	Dissension	64	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Might of the Nephilim	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each of its colors.	G	G	Dissension	88	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Flashfreeze	1U	2	Instant	Counter target red or green spell.	U	U	Coldsnap	33	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Resize	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Recover {1}{G} (When a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {1}{G}. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	G	G	Coldsnap	117	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Trickbind	1U	2	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Counter target activated or triggered ability. If a permanent's ability is countered this way, activated abilities of that permanent can't be activated this turn. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	88	rare	John Zeleznik		
Truth or Tale	1U	2	Instant	"Reveal the top five cards of your library and separate them into two piles. An opponent chooses one of those piles. Put a card from the chosen pile into your hand, then put all other cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Time Spiral	89	uncommon	Michael Phillippi		
Sudden Shock	1R	2	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Sudden Shock deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Time Spiral	179	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Squall Line	XGG	2	Instant	Squall Line deals X damage to each creature with flying and each player.	G	G	Time Spiral	222	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Ovinize	1U	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 0/1."	U	U	Planar Chaos	57	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Imp's Mischief	1B	2	Instant	Change the target of target spell with a single target. You lose life equal to that spell's converted mana cost.	B	B	Planar Chaos	72	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Delay	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell. If the spell is countered this way, exile it with three time counters on it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard. If it doesn't have suspend, it gains suspend. (At the beginning of its owner's upkeep, remove a time counter from that card. When the last is removed, the player plays it without paying its mana cost. If it's a creature, it has haste.)"	U	U	Future Sight	35	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Pollen Lullaby	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, creatures that player controls don't untap during the player's next untap step. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	36	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Familiar's Ruse	UU	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, return a creature you control to its owner's hand.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Lorwyn	64	uncommon	Eric Fortune		
Lammastide Weave	1G	2	Instant	"Choose a card name, then target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. If that card has the chosen name, you gain life equal to its converted mana cost.
Draw a card."	G	G	Lorwyn	226	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Redeem the Lost	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Redeem the Lost to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	W	W	Morningtide	21	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Release the Ants	1R	2	Instant	"Release the Ants deals 1 damage to any target. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Release the Ants to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	R	R	Morningtide	98	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Reknit	1G/W	2	Instant	Regenerate target permanent.	W	W	Shadowmoor	236	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Glamerdye	1U	2	Instant	"Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	U	U	Eventide	21	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Batwing Brume	1W/B	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn if {W} was spent to cast Batwing Brume. Each player loses 1 life for each attacking creature they control if {B} was spent to cast Batwing Brume. (Do both if {W}{B} was spent.)	W	W	Eventide	81	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Cauldron Haze	1W/B	2	Instant	"Choose any number of target creatures. Each of those creatures gains persist until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Eventide	84	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Swerve	UR	2	Instant	Change the target of target spell with a single target.	U	U	Shards of Alara	200	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Celestial Purge	1W	2	Instant	Exile target black or red permanent.	W	W	Conflux	5	uncommon	David Palumbo		
View from Above	1U	2	Instant	"Target creature gains flying until end of turn. If you control a white permanent, return View from Above to its owner's hand."	U	U	Conflux	38	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Ignite Disorder	1R	2	Instant	"Ignite Disorder deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target white and/or blue creatures."	R	R	Conflux	66	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Countersquall	UB	2	Instant	Counter target noncreature spell. Its controller loses 2 life.	U	U	Conflux	103	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Zealous Persecution	WB	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and creatures your opponents control get -1/-1."	W	W	Alara Reborn	85	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Fight to the Death	RW	2	Instant	Destroy all blocking creatures and all blocked creatures.	W	W	Alara Reborn	97	rare	Michael Komarck		
Trapmaker's Snare	1U	2	Instant	"Search your library for a Trap card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Zendikar	74	uncommon	Daarken		
Smother	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target creature with converted mana cost 3 or less. It can't be regenerated.	B	B	Worldwake	68	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Urge to Feed	BB	2	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. You may tap any number of untapped Vampire creatures you control. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on each of those Vampires."	B	B	Worldwake	70	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Comet Storm	XRR	2	Instant	"Multikicker {1} (You may pay an additional {1} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Choose any target, then choose another target for each time this spell was kicked. Comet Storm deals X damage to each of them."	R	R	Worldwake	76	mythic	Jung Park		
Strength of the Tajuru	XGG	2	Instant	"Multikicker {1} (You may pay an additional {1} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Choose target creature, then choose another target creature for each time this spell was kicked. Put X +1/+1 counters on each of them."	G	G	Worldwake	113	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Reality Spasm	XUU	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Tap X target permanents.
? Untap X target permanents."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	81	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Unified Will	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell if you control more creatures than that spell's controller.	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	92	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Go for the Throat	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target nonartifact creature.	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	43	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Due Respect	1W	2	Instant	"Permanents enter the battlefield tapped this turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	New Phyrexia	8	uncommon	James Ryman		
Corrupted Resolve	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell if its controller is poisoned.	U	U	New Phyrexia	32	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Memory's Journey	1U	2	Instant	"Target player shuffles up to three target cards from their graveyard into their library.
Flashback {G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	66	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Burning Oil	1R	2	Instant	"Burning Oil deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
Flashback {3}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	W	Dark Ascension	84	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Increasing Vengeance	RR	2	Instant	"Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, copy that spell twice instead. You may choose new targets for the copies.
Flashback {3}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Dark Ascension	95	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Second Guess	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell that's the second spell cast this turn.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	74	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Cyclonic Rift	1U	2	Instant	"Return target nonland permanent you don't control to its owner's hand.
Overload {6}{U} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	35	rare	Chris Rahn		
Ultimate Price	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target monocolored creature.	B	B	Return to Ravnica	82	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Abrupt Decay	BG	2	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Destroy target nonland permanent with converted mana cost 3 or less."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	141	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Azorius Charm	WU	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn.
? Draw a card.
? Put target attacking or blocking creature on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	145	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Golgari Charm	BG	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Regenerate each creature you control."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	164	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Heroes' Reunion	GW	2	Instant	Target player gains 7 life.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	168	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Izzet Charm	UR	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays {2}.
? Izzet Charm deals 2 damage to target creature.
? Draw two cards, then discard two cards."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	172	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Rakdos Charm	BR	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.
? Destroy target artifact.
? Each creature deals 1 damage to its controller."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	184	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Selesnya Charm	GW	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.
? Exile target creature with power 5 or greater.
? Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	194	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Skullcrack	1R	2	Instant	Players can't gain life this turn. Damage can't be prevented this turn. Skullcrack deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Gatecrash	106	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Aurelia's Fury	XRW	2	Instant	Aurelia's Fury deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. Tap each creature dealt damage this way. Players dealt damage this way can't cast noncreature spells this turn.	W	W	Gatecrash	144	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Boros Charm	RW	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Boros Charm deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.
? Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.
? Target creature gains double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	148	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Dimir Charm	UB	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target sorcery spell.
? Destroy target creature with power 2 or less.
? Look at the top three cards of target player's library. Put one back and the rest into that player's graveyard."	U	U	Gatecrash	154	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Gruul Charm	RG	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Creatures without flying can't block this turn.
? Gain control of all permanents you own.
? Gruul Charm deals 3 damage to each creature with flying."	R	R	Gatecrash	169	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Orzhov Charm	WB	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Return target creature you control and all Auras you control attached to it to their owner's hand.
? Destroy target creature and you lose life equal to its toughness.
? Return target creature card with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Gatecrash	185	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Signal the Clans	RG	2	Instant	"Search your library for three creature cards and reveal them. If you reveal three cards with different names, choose one of them at random and put that card into your hand. Shuffle the rest into your library."	R	R	Gatecrash	194	rare	Dave Kendall		
Simic Charm	GU	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
? Permanents you control gain hexproof until end of turn.
? Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	195	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Biomass Mutation	XG/UG/U	2	Instant	Creatures you control have base power and toughness X/X until end of turn.	U	U	Gatecrash	213	rare	Dan Scott		
Renounce the Guilds	1W	2	Instant	Each player sacrifices a multicolored permanent.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	5	rare	Daarken		
Warped Physique	UB	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	117	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Gainsay	1U	2	Instant	Counter target blue spell.	U	U	Theros	49	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Destructive Revelry	RG	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Destructive Revelry deals 2 damage to that permanent's controller.	R	R	Theros	192	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Acolyte's Reward	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn, where X is your devotion to white. If damage is prevented this way, Acolyte's Reward deals that much damage to any target. (Each {W} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)"	W	W	Born of the Gods	1	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Thassa's Rebuff	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each {U} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)"	U	U	Born of the Gods	54	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Bile Blight	BB	2	Instant	Target creature and all other creatures with the same name as that creature get -3/-3 until end of turn.	B	B	Born of the Gods	61	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Searing Blood	RR	2	Instant	"Searing Blood deals 2 damage to target creature. When that creature dies this turn, Searing Blood deals 3 damage to the creature's controller."	R	R	Born of the Gods	111	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Unravel the Aether	1G	2	Instant	Choose target artifact or enchantment. Its owner shuffles it into their library.	G	G	Born of the Gods	143	uncommon	Jung Park		
Deicide	1W	2	Instant	"Exile target enchantment. If the exiled card is a God card, search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as that card and exile them, then that player shuffles their library."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	7	rare	Jason Chan		
Setessan Tactics	1G	2	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {G} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Until end of turn, any number of target creatures each get +1/+1 and gain ""{T}: This creature fights another target creature."""	G	G	Journey into Nyx	140	rare	Mark Winters		
Solidarity of Heroes	1G	2	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {1}{G} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Choose any number of target creatures. Double the number of +1/+1 counters on each of them."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	141	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Razor Barrier	1W	2	Instant	Target permanent you control gains protection from artifacts or from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Mirrodin	17	common	Ron Spencer		
Terror	1B	2	Instant	"Destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Mirrodin	79	common	Puddnhead		
Fists of the Anvil	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin	91	common	Pete Venters		
Predator's Strike	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Mirrodin	128	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Echoing Calm	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target enchantment and all other enchantments with the same name as that enchantment.	W	W	Darksteel	2	common	Greg Staples		
Test of Faith	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. For each 1 damage prevented this way, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	W	W	Darksteel	17	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Echoing Truth	1U	2	Instant	Return target nonland permanent and all other permanents with the same name as that permanent to their owners' hands.	U	U	Darksteel	21	common	Greg Staples		
Echoing Decay	1B	2	Instant	Target creature and all other creatures with the same name as that creature get -2/-2 until end of turn.	B	B	Darksteel	41	common	Greg Staples		
Echoing Courage	1G	2	Instant	Target creature and all other creatures with the same name as that creature get +2/+2 until end of turn.	G	G	Darksteel	74	common	Greg Staples		
Nourish	GG	2	Instant	You gain 6 life.	G	G	Darksteel	78	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Early Frost	1U	2	Instant	Tap up to three target lands.	U	U	Fifth Dawn	29	common	Ben Thompson		
Magma Jet	1R	2	Instant	Magma Jet deals 2 damage to any target. Scry 2.	R	R	Fifth Dawn	73	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Call to Glory	1W	2	Instant	Untap all creatures you control. Samurai creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	4	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Hisoka's Defiance	1U	2	Instant	Counter target Spirit or Arcane spell.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	67	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Curtain of Light	1W	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat after blockers are declared.
Target unblocked attacking creature becomes blocked. (This spell works on creatures that can't be blocked.)
Draw a card."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	6	common	Chippy		
Leave No Trace	1W	2	Instant	Radiance ? Destroy target enchantment and each other enchantment that shares a color with it.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	23	common	Pat Lee		
Muddle the Mixture	UU	2	Instant	"Counter target instant or sorcery spell.
Transmute {1}{U}{U} ({1}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	60	common	Luca Zontini		
Peel from Reality	1U	2	Instant	Return target creature you control and target creature you don't control to their owners' hands.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	61	common	Puddnhead		
Quickchange	1U	2	Instant	"Target creature becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	62	common	Christopher Moeller		
Telling Time	1U	2	Instant	"Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of those cards into your hand, one on top of your library, and one on the bottom of your library."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	69	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Last Gasp	1B	2	Instant	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	93	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Shred Memory	1B	2	Instant	"Exile up to four target cards from a single graveyard.
Transmute {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	105	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Fiery Conclusion	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Fiery Conclusion deals 5 damage to target creature."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	122	common	Paolo Parente		
Seeds of Strength	GW	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	227	common	Ralph Horsley		
Pyromatics	1R	2	Instant	"Replicate {1}{R} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Pyromatics deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Guildpact	72	common	Glen Angus		
Leap of Flame	UR	2	Instant	"Replicate {U}{R} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains flying and first strike until end of turn."	U	U	Guildpact	121	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Carom	1W	2	Instant	"The next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn is dealt to another target creature instead.
Draw a card."	W	W	Dissension	6	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Vision Skeins	1U	2	Instant	Each player draws two cards.	U	U	Dissension	36	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Psychotic Fury	1R	2	Instant	"Target multicolored creature gains double strike until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Dissension	68	common	Kev Walker		
Overrule	XWU	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. You gain X life.	W	W	Dissension	120	common	Alan Pollack		
Kjeldoran War Cry	1W	2	Instant	"Creatures you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is 1 plus the number of cards named Kjeldoran War Cry in all graveyards."	W	W	Coldsnap	13	common	Michael Phillippi		
Sun's Bounty	1W	2	Instant	"You gain 4 life.
Recover {1}{W} (When a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {1}{W}. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	18	common	Michael Sutfin		
Swift Maneuver	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Coldsnap	21	common	Michael Sutfin		
Perilous Research	1U	2	Instant	"Draw two cards, then sacrifice a permanent."	U	U	Coldsnap	41	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Rune Snag	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2} plus an additional {2} for each card named Rune Snag in each graveyard.	U	U	Coldsnap	46	common	Dave Dorman		
Grim Harvest	1B	2	Instant	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Recover {2}{B} (When a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {2}{B}. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	58	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Surging Flame	1R	2	Instant	"Ripple 4 (When you cast this spell, you may reveal the top four cards of your library. You may cast any revealed cards with the same name as this spell without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
Surging Flame deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Coldsnap	99	common	Ron Spencer		
Momentary Blink	1W	2	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Flashback {3}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	29	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Snapback	1U	2	Instant	"You may exile a blue card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Time Spiral	78	common	Alan Pollack		
Think Twice	1U	2	Instant	"Draw a card.
Flashback {2}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	86	common	Jim Nelson		
Ancient Grudge	1R	2	Instant	"Destroy target artifact.
Flashback {G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	143	common	Jim Nelson		
Strength in Numbers	1G	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gains trample and gets +X/+X, where X is the number of attacking creatures."	G	G	Time Spiral	224	common	Ron Spencer		
Dawn Charm	1W	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
? Regenerate target creature.
? Counter target spell that targets you."	W	W	Planar Chaos	4	common	John Avon		
Cradle to Grave	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature that entered the battlefield this turn.	B	B	Planar Chaos	67	common	Dave Kendall		
Dash Hopes	BB	2	Instant	"When you cast this spell, any player may pay 5 life. If a player does, counter Dash Hopes.
Counter target spell."	B	B	Planar Chaos	68	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Fury Charm	1R	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
? Remove two time counters from target permanent or suspended card."	R	R	Planar Chaos	100	common	John Avon		
Evolution Charm	1G	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	G	G	Planar Chaos	127	common	John Avon		
Judge Unworthy	1W	2	Instant	"Choose target attacking or blocking creature. Scry 3, then reveal the top card of your library. Judge Unworthy deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to that creature. (To scry 3, look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	W	W	Future Sight	9	common	Greg Staples		
Sprout Swarm	1G	2	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Future Sight	138	common	Chippy		
Wrap in Vigor	1G	2	Instant	Regenerate each creature you control.	G	G	Future Sight	141	common	John Donahue		
Whirlpool Whelm	1U	2	Instant	"Clash with an opponent, then return target creature to its owner's hand. If you win, you may put that creature on top of its owner's library instead. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	96	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Lash Out	1R	2	Instant	"Lash Out deals 3 damage to target creature. Clash with an opponent. If you win, Lash Out deals 3 damage to that creature's controller. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	183	common	Scott Hampton		
Fistful of Force	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Clash with an opponent. If you win, that creature gets an additional +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	212	common	Ralph Horsley		
Spring Cleaning	1G	2	Instant	"Destroy target enchantment. Clash with an opponent. If you win, destroy all enchantments your opponents control. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	236	common	Michael Sutfin		
Forfend	1W	2	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures this turn.	W	W	Morningtide	10	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Graceful Reprieve	1W	2	Instant	"When target creature dies this turn, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Morningtide	11	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Pack's Disdain	1B	2	Instant	Choose a creature type. Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each permanent of the chosen type you control.	B	B	Morningtide	73	common	Pete Venters		
Deglamer	1G	2	Instant	Choose target artifact or enchantment. Its owner shuffles it into their library.	G	G	Morningtide	118	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Earthbrawn	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Reinforce 1?{1}{G} ({1}{G}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)"	G	G	Morningtide	119	common	Kev Walker		
Inquisitor's Snare	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent all damage target attacking or blocking creature would deal this turn. If that creature is black or red, destroy it."	W	W	Shadowmoor	8	common	Michael Sutfin		
Last Breath	1W	2	Instant	Exile target creature with power 2 or less. Its controller gains 4 life.	W	W	Shadowmoor	11	common	Thomas Denmark		
Spell Syphon	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each blue permanent you control.	U	U	Shadowmoor	52	common	John Avon		
Puncture Bolt	1R	2	Instant	Puncture Bolt deals 1 damage to target creature. Put a -1/-1 counter on that creature.	R	R	Shadowmoor	102	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Smash to Smithereens	1R	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact. Smash to Smithereens deals 3 damage to that artifact's controller.	R	R	Shadowmoor	107	common	Pete Venters		
Turn to Mist	1W/U	2	Instant	Exile target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Shadowmoor	155	common	Greg Staples		
Fate Transfer	1U/B	2	Instant	Move all counters from target creature onto another target creature.	U	U	Shadowmoor	161	common	Wayne England		
Manamorphose	1R/G	2	Instant	"Add two mana in any combination of colors.
Draw a card."	R	R	Shadowmoor	211	common	Jeff Miracola		
Inside Out	1U/R	2	Instant	"Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Eventide	103	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Double Cleave	1R/W	2	Instant	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	W	W	Eventide	135	common	rk post		
Angelsong	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	4	common	Sal Villagran		
Soul's Grace	1W	2	Instant	You gain life equal to target creature's power.	W	W	Shards of Alara	28	common	Christopher Moeller		
Call to Heel	1U	2	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. Its controller draws a card.	U	U	Shards of Alara	32	common	Randy Gallegos		
Resounding Roar	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Cycling {5}{R}{G}{W} ({5}{R}{G}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Resounding Roar, target creature gets +6/+6 until end of turn."	G	W	Shards of Alara	144	common	Steve Prescott		
Agony Warp	UB	2	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn.
Target creature gets -0/-3 until end of turn."	U	U	Shards of Alara	153	common	Dave Allsop		
Hindering Light	WU	2	Instant	"Counter target spell that targets you or a permanent you control.
Draw a card."	W	W	Shards of Alara	173	common	Chris Rahn		
Sigil Blessing	GW	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control gets +3/+3 and other creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	Shards of Alara	195	common	Matt Stewart		
Worldly Counsel	1U	2	Instant	"Domain ? Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Conflux	39	common	Matt Cavotta		
Molten Frame	1R	2	Instant	"Destroy target artifact creature.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Conflux	69	common	Izzy		
Terminate	BR	2	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated.	R	R	Alara Reborn	46	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Colossal Might	RG	2	Instant	Target creature gets +4/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Alara Reborn	51	common	Justin Sweet		
Into the Roil	1U	2	Instant	"Kicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} as you cast this spell.)
Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. If this spell was kicked, draw a card."	U	U	Zendikar	48	common	Kieran Yanner		
Seismic Shudder	1R	2	Instant	Seismic Shudder deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.	R	R	Zendikar	147	common	Vincent Proce		
Tanglesap	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures without trample.	G	G	Zendikar	186	common	Trevor Claxton		
Rest for the Weary	1W	2	Instant	"Target player gains 4 life.
Landfall ? If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, that player gains 8 life instead."	W	W	Worldwake	18	common	James Paick		
Searing Blaze	RR	2	Instant	"Searing Blaze deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and 1 damage to target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.
Landfall ? If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, Searing Blaze deals 3 damage to that player or planeswalker and 3 damage to that creature instead."	R	R	Worldwake	90	common	James Paick		
Puncturing Light	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target attacking or blocking creature with power 3 or less.	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	41	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Deprive	UU	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	59	common	Izzy		
Spawning Breath	1R	2	Instant	"Spawning Breath deals 1 damage to any target. Create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	164	common	Trevor Claxton		
Soul Parry	1W	2	Instant	Prevent all damage one or two target creatures would deal this turn.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	21	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Whitesun's Passage	1W	2	Instant	You gain 5 life.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	27	common	John Avon		
Grasp of Darkness	BB	2	Instant	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	65	common	Johann Bodin		
Tel-Jilad Defiance	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gains protection from artifacts until end of turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	129	common	Goran Josic		
Divine Offering	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact. You gain life equal to its converted mana cost.	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	5	common	Terese Nielsen		
Turn the Tide	1U	2	Instant	Creatures your opponents control get -2/-0 until end of turn.	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	35	common	Jason Felix		
Burn the Impure	1R	2	Instant	"Burn the Impure deals 3 damage to target creature. If that creature has infect, Burn the Impure deals 3 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	59	common	Nic Klein		
Apostle's Blessing	1W/P	2	Instant	"({W/P} can be paid with either {W} or 2 life.)
Target artifact or creature you control gains protection from artifacts or from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	New Phyrexia	2	common	Brad Rigney		
Psychic Barrier	UU	2	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Its controller loses 1 life.	U	U	New Phyrexia	43	common	Dan Scott		
Geth's Verdict	BB	2	Instant	Target player sacrifices a creature and loses 1 life.	B	B	New Phyrexia	61	common	Whit Brachna		
Glissa's Scorn	1G	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact. Its controller loses 1 life.	G	G	New Phyrexia	110	common	Nils Hamm		
Leeching Bite	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	G	G	New Phyrexia	113	common	Cos Koniotis		
Feeling of Dread	1W	2	Instant	"Tap up to two target creatures.
Flashback {1}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Innistrad	14	common	John Stanko		
Moment of Heroism	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)	W	W	Innistrad	24	common	Christopher Moeller		
Spare from Evil	1W	2	Instant	Creatures you control gain protection from non-Human creatures until end of turn.	W	W	Innistrad	34	common	Jason Felix		
Urgent Exorcism	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target Spirit or enchantment.	W	W	Innistrad	40	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Altar's Reap	1B	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Draw two cards."	B	B	Innistrad	86	common	Donato Giancola		
Victim of Night	BB	2	Instant	"Destroy target non-Vampire, non-Werewolf, non-Zombie creature."	B	B	Innistrad	124	common	Winona Nelson		
Desperate Ravings	1R	2	Instant	"Draw two cards, then discard a card at random.
Flashback {2}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	U	Innistrad	139	uncommon	John Stanko		
Harvest Pyre	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile X cards from your graveyard.
Harvest Pyre deals X damage to target creature."	R	R	Innistrad	146	common	Ryan Yee		
Vampiric Fury	1R	2	Instant	Vampire creatures you control get +2/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Innistrad	167	common	Matt Stewart		
Moonmist	1G	2	Instant	Transform all Humans. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures other than Werewolves and Wolves. (Only double-faced cards can be transformed.)	G	G	Innistrad	195	common	Ryan Yee		
Break of Day	1W	2	Instant	"Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Fateful hour ? If you have 5 or less life, those creatures gain indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them.)"	W	W	Dark Ascension	3	common	Karl Kopinski		
Ray of Revelation	1W	2	Instant	"Destroy target enchantment.
Flashback {G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Dark Ascension	17	common	Cliff Childs		
Skillful Lunge	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Dark Ascension	22	common	Jason Felix		
Fling	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Fling deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to any target."	R	R	Dark Ascension	90	common	Izzy		
Cursebreak	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target enchantment. You gain 2 life.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	14	common	Sam Wolfe Connelly		
Zealous Strike	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	41	common	Bud Cook		
Battle Hymn	1R	2	Instant	Add {R} for each creature you control.	R	R	Avacyn Restored	128	common	Nils Hamm		
Dangerous Wager	1R	2	Instant	"Discard your hand, then draw two cards."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	131	common	Drew Baker		
Thunderbolt	1R	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Thunderbolt deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.
? Thunderbolt deals 4 damage to target creature with flying."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	159	common	Anthony Francisco		
Uncanny Speed	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Avacyn Restored	163	common	Raymond Swanland		
Sheltering Word	1G	2	Instant	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness. (A creature with hexproof can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Avacyn Restored	192	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Terrifying Presence	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by creatures other than target creature this turn.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	196	common	Jaime Jones		
Druid's Deliverance	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to you this turn. Populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)	G	G	Return to Ravnica	123	common	Dan Scott		
Savage Surge	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Untap that creature.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	133	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Chemister's Trick	UR	2	Instant	"Target creature you don't control gets -2/-0 until end of turn and attacks this turn if able.
Overload {3}{U}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	149	common	Christopher Moeller		
Dramatic Rescue	WU	2	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. You gain 2 life.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	156	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Grisly Salvage	BG	2	Instant	Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature or land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	165	common	Dave Kendall		
Sundering Growth	G/WG/W	2	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment, then populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	223	common	David Palumbo		
Aerial Maneuver	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying and first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Gatecrash	1	common	Scott Chou		
Spell Rupture	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	U	U	Gatecrash	52	common	Kev Walker		
Devour Flesh	1B	2	Instant	"Target player sacrifices a creature, then gains life equal to that creature's toughness."	B	B	Gatecrash	63	common	Kev Walker		
Wildwood Rebirth	1G	2	Instant	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Gatecrash	140	common	Dan Scott		
Executioner's Swing	WB	2	Instant	Target creature that dealt damage this turn gets -5/-5 until end of turn.	W	W	Gatecrash	161	common	Karl Kopinski		
Hydroform	GU	2	Instant	Target land becomes a 3/3 Elemental creature with flying until end of turn. It's still a land.	U	U	Gatecrash	172	common	Howard Lyon		
Martial Glory	RW	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn.
Target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	175	common	Raymond Swanland		
Pit Fight	1R/G	2	Instant	Target creature you control fights another target creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	R	R	Gatecrash	223	common	Matt Stewart		
Shattering Blow	1R/W	2	Instant	Exile target artifact.	W	W	Gatecrash	225	common	Steve Prescott		
Battlewise Valor	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	W	W	Theros	1	common	Zack Stella		
Stymied Hopes	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Theros	64	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Voyage's End	1U	2	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Theros	73	common	Chris Rahn		
Pharika's Cure	BB	2	Instant	Pharika's Cure deals 2 damage to target creature and you gain 2 life.	B	B	Theros	100	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Defend the Hearth	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to players this turn.	G	G	Theros	156	common	Raymond Swanland		
Hold at Bay	1W	2	Instant	Prevent the next 7 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Born of the Gods	18	common	Nils Hamm		
Crypsis	1U	2	Instant	Target creature you control gains protection from creatures your opponents control until end of turn. Untap it.	U	U	Born of the Gods	34	common	Daarken		
Nullify	UU	2	Instant	Counter target creature or Aura spell.	U	U	Born of the Gods	45	common	Adam Paquette		
Fall of the Hammer	1R	2	Instant	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to another target creature.	R	R	Born of the Gods	93	common	Adam Paquette		
Rise to the Challenge	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Born of the Gods	107	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Mortal's Resolve	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	G	G	Born of the Gods	127	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Reprisal	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater. It can't be regenerated.	W	W	Journey into Nyx	23	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Hubris	1U	2	Instant	Return target creature and all Auras attached to it to their owners' hands.	U	U	Journey into Nyx	41	common	Seb McKinnon		
Feast of Dreams	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target enchanted creature or enchantment creature.	B	B	Journey into Nyx	69	common	Clint Cearley		
Spider Umbra	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	208	common	Christopher Moeller		
Nihil Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Nihil Spellbomb: Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.
When Nihil Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {B}. If you do, draw a card."		B	Scars of Mirrodin	187	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Shriekhorn	1	1	Artifact	"Shriekhorn enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Shriekhorn: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."			Mirrodin Besieged	130	common	Erica Yang		
Defensive Stance	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/+1."	U	U	New Phyrexia	34	common	Dan Scott		
Glistener Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	G	G	New Phyrexia	111	common	Steve Argyle		
Faithless Looting	R	1	Sorcery	"Draw two cards, then discard two cards.
Flashback {2}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Dark Ascension	87	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Young Wolf	G	1	Creature ? Wolf	"Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Dark Ascension	134	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Abundant Growth	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Abundant Growth enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Avacyn Restored	167	common	Vincent Proce		
Ethereal Armor	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control and has first strike."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	9	common	Daarken		
Chromatic Sphere	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Chromatic Sphere: Add one mana of any color. Draw a card."			Mirrodin	151	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Elves of Deep Shadow	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {B}. Elves of Deep Shadow deals 1 damage to you.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	161	common	Justin Sweet		
Seal of Fire	R	1	Enchantment	Sacrifice Seal of Fire: It deals 2 damage to any target.	R	R	Dissension	71	common	Ralph Horsley		
Thrive	XG	1	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on each of X target creatures.	G	G	Dissension	98	common	Daren Bader		
Torture	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}{B}: Put a -1/-1 counter on enchanted creature."	B	B	Shadowmoor	80	common	E. M. Gist		
Goblin Mountaineer	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Scout	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Shards of Alara	102	common	Michael Ryan		
Mana Cylix	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Conflux	138	common	Howard Lyon		
Evil Presence	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a Swamp."	B	B	New Phyrexia	60	common	Scott Chou		
Blazing Torch	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature can't be blocked by Vampires or Zombies.
Equipped creature has ""{T}, Sacrifice Blazing Torch: Blazing Torch deals 2 damage to any target.""
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Innistrad	216	common	Scott Chou		
Terrarion	1	1	Artifact	"Terrarion enters the battlefield tapped.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Terrarion: Add two mana in any combination of colors.
When Terrarion is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	273	common	Luca Zontini		
Selfless Cathar	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{W}, Sacrifice Selfless Cathar: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Innistrad	30	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Typhoid Rats	B	1	Creature ? Rat	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Innistrad	120	common	Kev Walker		
Forge Devil	R	1	Creature ? Devil	"When Forge Devil enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target creature and 1 damage to you."	R	R	Dark Ascension	91	common	Austin Hsu		
Bellows Lizard	R	1	Creature ? Lizard	{1}{R}: Bellows Lizard gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	88	common	Jack Wang		
Foundry Street Denizen	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever another red creature enters the battlefield under your control, Foundry Street Denizen gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	92	common	Raoul Vitale		
Clear a Path	R	1	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with defender.	R	R	Dragon's Maze	32	common	Karl Kopinski		
Yoked Ox	W	1	Creature ? Ox		W	W	Theros	37	common	Ryan Yee		
Oppressive Rays	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block unless its controller pays {3}.
Activated abilities of enchanted creature cost {3} more to activate."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	19	common	Mark Zug		
Wanderguard Sentry	4U	5	Creature ? Drone	"When Wanderguard Sentry enters the battlefield, look at target opponent's hand."	U	U	Mirrodin	56	common	Luca Zontini		
Chimney Imp	4B	5	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
When Chimney Imp dies, target opponent puts a card from their hand on top of their library."	B	B	Mirrodin	59	common	Christopher Moeller		
Ogre Leadfoot	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre	"Whenever Ogre Leadfoot becomes blocked by an artifact creature, destroy that creature."	R	R	Mirrodin	102	common	Heather Hudson		
Fangren Hunter	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	Trample	G	G	Mirrodin	119	common	Darrell Riche		
Tel-Jilad Archers	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Archer	Protection from artifacts; reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Mirrodin	131	common	Marcelo Vignali		
Pewter Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{1}{B}: Regenerate Pewter Golem.		B	Mirrodin	227	common	Paolo Parente		
Titanium Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{1}{W}: Titanium Golem gains first strike until end of turn.		W	Mirrodin	263	common	Paolo Parente		
Loxodon Mystic	3WW	5	Creature ? Elephant Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Darksteel	7	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Essence Drain	4B	5	Sorcery	Essence Drain deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	B	B	Darksteel	43	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Arcbound Bruiser	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Modular 3 (This enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	94	common	Christopher Moeller		
Dross Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Affinity for Swamps (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each Swamp you control.)
Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"			Darksteel	119	common	Adam Rex		
Vicious Betrayal	3BB	5	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice any number of creatures.
Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature sacrificed this way."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	60	common	Tomas Giorello		
Krark-Clan Ogre	3RR	5	Creature ? Ogre	"{R}, Sacrifice an artifact: Target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	71	common	Paolo Parente		
Mana Geyser	3RR	5	Sorcery	Add {R} for each tapped land your opponents control.	R	R	Fifth Dawn	75	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Tel-Jilad Lifebreather	4G	5	Creature ? Troll Shaman	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a Forest: Regenerate target creature."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	96	common	Jim Nelson		
Anodet Lurker	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Anodet Lurker dies, you gain 3 life."			Fifth Dawn	101	common	Jeff Easley		
Skyreach Manta	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Fish	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Flying"			Fifth Dawn	152	common	Christopher Moeller		
Teller of Tales	3UU	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may tap or untap target creature."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	95	common	Jim Murray		
Kashi-Tribe Warriors	3GG	5	Creature ? Snake Warrior	"Whenever Kashi-Tribe Warriors deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	221	common	Stephen Tappin		
Kami of Tattered Shoji	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Kami of Tattered Shoji gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	11	common	Shishizaru		
Quillmane Baku	4U	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a ki counter on Quillmane Baku.
{1}, {T}, Remove X ki counters from Quillmane Baku: Return target creature with converted mana cost X or less to its owner's hand."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	48	common	David Martin		
Ribbons of the Reikai	4U	5	Sorcery ? Arcane	Draw a card for each Spirit you control.	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	50	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Call for Blood	4B	5	Instant ? Arcane	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	63	common	Carl Critchlow		
Skullmane Baku	3BB	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a ki counter on Skullmane Baku.
{1}, {T}, Remove X ki counters from Skullmane Baku: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	83	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Frost Ogre	3RR	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior		R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	102	common	Dan Scott		
Harbinger of Spring	4G	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Protection from non-Spirit creatures
Soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	128	common	Cara Mitten		
Kitsune Dawnblade	4W	5	Creature ? Fox Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Kitsune Dawnblade enters the battlefield, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	16	common	Carl Critchlow		
Torii Watchward	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	30	common	Jeff Miracola		
Death of a Thousand Stings	4B	5	Instant ? Arcane	"Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have more cards in hand than each opponent, you may return Death of a Thousand Stings from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	64	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Sokenzan Spellblade	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Samurai Shaman	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{1}{R}: Sokenzan Spellblade gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	115	common	Carl Critchlow		
Dosan's Oldest Chant	4G	5	Sorcery	"You gain 6 life.
Draw a card."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	127	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Fiddlehead Kami	4G	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, regenerate Fiddlehead Kami."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	130	common	Rebecca Guay		
Okina Nightwatch	4G	5	Creature ? Human Monk	"As long as you have more cards in hand than each opponent, Okina Nightwatch gets +3/+3."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	140	common	Heather Hudson		
Dromad Purebred	4W	5	Creature ? Camel Beast	"Whenever Dromad Purebred is dealt damage, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	15	common	Carl Critchlow		
Stasis Cell	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
{3}{U}: Attach Stasis Cell to target creature."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	66	common	Mark A. Nelson		
Tattered Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Zombie Drake	"Flying
{B}: Regenerate Tattered Drake."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	68	common	Glenn Fabry		
Tidewater Minion	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental Minion	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{4}: Tidewater Minion loses defender until end of turn.
{T}: Untap target permanent."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	71	common	Tomas Giorello		
Brainspoil	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature that isn't enchanted. It can't be regenerated.
Transmute {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	78	common	Tomas Giorello		
Sewerdreg	3BB	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Sacrifice Sewerdreg: Exile target card from a graveyard."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	104	common	Joel Thomas		
Barbarian Riftcutter	4R	5	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"{R}, Sacrifice Barbarian Riftcutter: Destroy target land."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	114	common	Carl Critchlow		
Bramble Elemental	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever an Aura becomes attached to Bramble Elemental, create two 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	154	common	Tomas Giorello		
Golgari Rotwurm	3BG	5	Creature ? Zombie Wurm	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target player loses 1 life."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	210	common	Wayne England		
Skyrider Trainee	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Skyrider Trainee has flying as long as it's enchanted.	W	W	Guildpact	17	common	Adam Rex		
Crystal Seer	4U	5	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"When Crystal Seer enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
{4}{U}: Return Crystal Seer to its owner's hand."	U	U	Guildpact	23	common	Glen Angus		
Poisonbelly Ogre	4B	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, its controller loses 1 life."	B	B	Guildpact	57	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Ghor-Clan Savage	3GG	5	Creature ? Centaur Berserker	"Bloodthirst 3 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Guildpact	86	common	Greg Staples		
Izzet Chronarch	3UR	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Izzet Chronarch enters the battlefield, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Guildpact	119	common	Nick Percival		
Streetbreaker Wurm	3RG	5	Creature ? Wurm		R	R	Guildpact	133	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Helium Squirter	4U	5	Creature ? Beast Mutant	"Graft 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{1}: Target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Dissension	26	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Slaughterhouse Bouncer	4B	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Hellbent ? When Slaughterhouse Bouncer dies, if you have no cards in hand, target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Dissension	54	common	Greg Staples		
Whiptail Moloch	4R	5	Creature ? Lizard	"When Whiptail Moloch enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature you control."	R	R	Dissension	79	common	Darrell Riche		
Boreal Griffin	3WW	5	Snow Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{S}: Boreal Griffin gains first strike until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	2	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Drelnoch	4U	5	Creature ? Yeti Mutant	"Whenever Drelnoch becomes blocked, you may draw two cards."	U	U	Coldsnap	32	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Thermopod	4R	5	Snow Creature ? Slug	"{S}: Thermopod gains haste until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
Sacrifice a creature: Add {R}."	R	R	Coldsnap	100	common	Dan Dos Santos		
Ronom Hulk	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Protection from snow
Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	G	G	Coldsnap	119	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Castle Raptors	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
As long as Castle Raptors is untapped, it gets +0/+2."	W	W	Time Spiral	5	common	Christopher Moeller		
Gorgon Recluse	3BB	5	Creature ? Gorgon	"Whenever Gorgon Recluse blocks or becomes blocked by a nonblack creature, destroy that creature at end of combat.
Madness {B}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	111	common	Darrell Riche		
Viscid Lemures	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	{0}: Viscid Lemures gets -1/-0 and gains swampwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Time Spiral	141	common	Drew Tucker		
Keldon Halberdier	4R	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"First strike
Suspend 4?{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {R} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	167	common	Paolo Parente		
Plunder	4R	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or land.
Suspend 4?{1}{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{R} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	174	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Savage Thallid	3GG	5	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Savage Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Savage Thallid: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Regenerate target Fungus."	G	G	Time Spiral	213	common	Luca Zontini		
Venser's Sliver	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Sliver				Time Spiral	267	common	Carl Critchlow		
Ghost Tactician	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit Spellshaper	"{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Planar Chaos	6	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Synchronous Sliver	4U	5	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have vigilance.	U	U	Planar Chaos	48	common	E. M. Gist		
Spitting Sliver	4B	5	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have first strike.	B	B	Planar Chaos	80	common	Steve Ellis		
Giant Dustwasp	3GG	5	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Suspend 4?{1}{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{G} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	G	G	Planar Chaos	129	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Infiltrator il-Kor	4U	5	Creature ? Kor Rogue	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Suspend 2?{1}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{U} and exile it with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	U	U	Future Sight	37	common	Jon Foster		
Gathan Raiders	3RR	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Hellbent ? Gathan Raiders gets +2/+2 as long as you have no cards in hand.
Morph?Discard a card. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Future Sight	99	common	Paolo Parente		
Plover Knights	3WW	5	Creature ? Kithkin Knight	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Lorwyn	35	common	Quinton Hoover		
Soaring Hope	4W	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Soaring Hope enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
Enchanted creature has flying.
{W}: Put Soaring Hope on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Lorwyn	40	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Wellgabber Apothecary	4W	5	Creature ? Merfolk Cleric	{1}{W}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target tapped Merfolk or Kithkin creature this turn.	W	W	Lorwyn	47	common	Brandon Dorman		
Inkfathom Divers	3UU	5	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
When Inkfathom Divers enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Lorwyn	70	common	Steven Belledin		
Warren Pilferers	4B	5	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"When Warren Pilferers enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If that card is a Goblin card, Warren Pilferers gains haste until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	146	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Nath's Elite	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"All creatures able to block Nath's Elite do so.
When Nath's Elite enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Nath's Elite. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	231	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Rootgrapple	4G	5	Tribal Instant ? Treefolk	"Destroy target noncreature permanent. If you control a Treefolk, draw a card."	G	G	Lorwyn	234	common	Alan Pollack		
Burrenton Shield-Bearers	4W	5	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Whenever Burrenton Shield-Bearers attacks, target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Morningtide	4	common	Daren Bader		
Violet Pall	4B	5	Tribal Instant ? Faerie	Destroy target nonblack creature. Create a 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature token with flying.	B	B	Morningtide	81	common	Jeff Miracola		
Weed-Pruner Poplar	4B	5	Creature ? Treefolk Assassin	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target creature other than Weed-Pruner Poplar gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Morningtide	83	common	Jeff Miracola		
Everbark Shaman	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"{T}, Exile a Treefolk card from your graveyard: Search your library for up to two Forest cards and put them onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Morningtide	121	common	Larry MacDougall		
Game-Trail Changeling	3GG	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Trample"	G	G	Morningtide	123	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Barrenton Medic	4W	5	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Put a -1/-1 counter on Barrenton Medic: Untap Barrenton Medic."	W	W	Shadowmoor	4	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Merrow Wavebreakers	4U	5	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"{1}{U}, {Q}: Merrow Wavebreakers gains flying until end of turn. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	44	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Whimwader	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	Whimwader can't attack unless defending player controls a blue permanent.	U	U	Shadowmoor	54	common	Jeff Easley		
Cinderhaze Wretch	4B	5	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"{T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only during your turn.
Put a -1/-1 counter on Cinderhaze Wretch: Untap Cinderhaze Wretch."	B	B	Shadowmoor	60	common	Steven Belledin		
Crabapple Cohort	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	Crabapple Cohort gets +1/+1 as long as you control another green creature.	G	G	Shadowmoor	109	common	Richard Whitters		
Gravelgill Axeshark	4U/B	5	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	164	common	Dave Kendall		
Cultbrand Cinder	4B/R	5	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"When Cultbrand Cinder enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	R	R	Shadowmoor	182	common	Christopher Moeller		
Runes of the Deus	4R/G	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is red, it gets +1/+1 and has double strike. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
As long as enchanted creature is green, it gets +1/+1 and has trample."	R	R	Shadowmoor	215	common	Warren Mahy		
Scuzzback Marauders	4R/G	5	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Trample
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	216	common	Pete Venters		
Blazethorn Scarecrow	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Blazethorn Scarecrow has haste as long as you control a red creature.
Blazethorn Scarecrow has wither as long as you control a green creature. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"			Shadowmoor	246	common	Dave Kendall		
Kithkin Spellduster	4W	5	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"Flying
{1}{W}, Sacrifice Kithkin Spellduster: Destroy target enchantment.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Eventide	8	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Aerie Ouphes	4G	5	Creature ? Ouphe	"Sacrifice Aerie Ouphes: It deals damage equal to its power to target creature with flying.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Eventide	65	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Antler Skulkin	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"{2}: Target white creature gains persist until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"			Eventide	167	common	Dave Kendall		
Welkin Guide	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
When Welkin Guide enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Shards of Alara	30	common	David Palumbo		
Cloudheath Drake	4U	5	Artifact Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{1}{W}: Cloudheath Drake gains vigilance until end of turn."	U	W	Shards of Alara	35	common	Izzy		
Coma Veil	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Shards of Alara	36	common	Dan Scott		
Dreg Reaver	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Beast		B	B	Shards of Alara	73	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Skeletal Kathari	4B	5	Creature ? Bird Skeleton	"Flying
{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Skeletal Kathari."	B	B	Shards of Alara	88	common	Carl Critchlow		
Bloodpyre Elemental	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental	Sacrifice Bloodpyre Elemental: It deals 4 damage to target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	R	R	Shards of Alara	93	common	Trevor Claxton		
Volcanic Submersion	4R	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or land.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	121	common	Trevor Claxton		
Mosstodon	4G	5	Creature ? Plant Elephant	{1}: Target creature with power 5 or greater gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Shards of Alara	139	common	Paolo Parente		
Soul's Might	4G	5	Sorcery	"Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is that creature's power."	G	G	Shards of Alara	149	common	Kev Walker		
Carrion Thrash	2BRG	5	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"When Carrion Thrash dies, you may pay {2}. If you do, return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Shards of Alara	162	common	Jaime Jones		
Rakeclaw Gargantuan	2RGW	5	Creature ? Beast	{1}: Target creature with power 5 or greater gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Shards of Alara	186	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Waveskimmer Aven	2GWU	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	207	common	Mark Zug		
Kranioceros	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	{1}{W}: Kranioceros gets +0/+3 until end of turn.	R	W	Conflux	67	common	Steve Argyle		
Beacon Behemoth	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	{1}: Target creature with power 5 or greater gains vigilance until end of turn.	G	G	Conflux	78	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Rhox Bodyguard	3GW	5	Creature ? Rhino Monk Soldier	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Rhox Bodyguard enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Conflux	122	common	Sal Villagran		
Suicidal Charge	3BR	5	Enchantment	Sacrifice Suicidal Charge: Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn. Those creatures attack this turn if able.	R	R	Conflux	128	common	Daarken		
Vectis Agents	3UB	5	Artifact Creature ? Human Rogue	{U}{B}: Vectis Agents gets -2/-0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Conflux	131	common	Chippy		
Glassdust Hulk	3WU	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Glassdust Hulk gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.
Cycling {W/U} ({W/U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	7	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Deny Reality	3UB	5	Sorcery	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Alara Reborn	19	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Etherium Abomination	3UB	5	Artifact Creature ? Horror	Unearth {1}{U}{B} ({1}{U}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)	U	U	Alara Reborn	20	common	Mitch Cotie		
Gorger Wurm	3RG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	56	common	Paolo Parente		
Naya Sojourners	2RGW	5	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When you cycle Naya Sojourners or it dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Cycling {2}{G} ({2}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	122	common	John Avon		
Caravan Hurda	4W	5	Creature ? Giant	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Zendikar	5	common	Dave Kendall		
Sky Ruin Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	Flying	U	U	Zendikar	66	common	Izzy		
Bog Tatters	4B	5	Creature ? Wraith	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Zendikar	84	common	Daarken		
Desecrated Earth	4B	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Its controller discards a card.	B	B	Zendikar	86	common	Daarken		
Spire Barrage	4R	5	Sorcery	Spire Barrage deals damage to any target equal to the number of Mountains you control.	R	R	Zendikar	150	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Tuktuk Grunts	4R	5	Creature ? Goblin Warrior Ally	"Haste
Whenever Tuktuk Grunts or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Tuktuk Grunts."	R	R	Zendikar	152	common	Mike Bierek		
Zendikar Farguide	4G	5	Creature ? Elemental	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Zendikar	194	common	Vincent Proce		
Battle Hurda	4W	5	Creature ? Giant	First strike	W	W	Worldwake	4	common	Christopher Moeller		
Iona's Judgment	4W	5	Sorcery	Exile target creature or enchantment.	W	W	Worldwake	8	common	Mike Bierek		
Surrakar Banisher	4U	5	Creature ? Surrakar	"When Surrakar Banisher enters the battlefield, you may return target tapped creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Worldwake	39	common	Matt Cavotta		
Grotag Thrasher	4R	5	Creature ? Lizard	"Whenever Grotag Thrasher attacks, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Worldwake	83	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Vastwood Zendikon	4G	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 6/4 green Elemental creature. It's still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	G	G	Worldwake	117	common	Rob Alexander		
Frostwind Invoker	4U	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Flying
{8}: Creatures you control gain flying until end of turn."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	68	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Mnemonic Wall	4U	5	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Mnemonic Wall enters the battlefield, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	78	common	Vance Kovacs		
Dread Drone	4B	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"When Dread Drone enters the battlefield, create two 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	108	common	Raymond Swanland		
Emrakul's Hatcher	4R	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"When Emrakul's Hatcher enters the battlefield, create three 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	142	common	Jaime Jones		
Fissure Vent	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	144	common	Philip Straub		
Haze Frog	3GG	5	Creature ? Frog	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Haze Frog enters the battlefield, prevent all combat damage that other creatures would deal this turn."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	187	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Nema Siltlurker	4G	5	Creature ? Lizard		G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	200	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Stomper Cub	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	Trample	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	210	common	Karl Kopinski		
Sky-Eel School	3UU	5	Creature ? Fish	"Flying
When Sky-Eel School enters the battlefield, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	44	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Bleak Coven Vampires	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Metalcraft ? When Bleak Coven Vampires enters the battlefield, if you control three or more artifacts, target player loses 4 life and you gain 4 life."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	55	common	Randis Albion		
Scoria Elemental	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental		R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	102	common	Karl Kopinski		
Turn to Slag	3RR	5	Sorcery	Turn to Slag deals 5 damage to target creature. Destroy all Equipment attached to that creature.	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	106	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Molder Beast	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Whenever an artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Molder Beast gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	125	common	Randis Albion		
Saberclaw Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{R}: Saberclaw Golem gains first strike until end of turn.		R	Scars of Mirrodin	200	common	Mike Bierek		
Soliton	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{U}: Untap Soliton.		U	Scars of Mirrodin	204	common	Jason Felix		
Loxodon Partisan	4W	5	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	12	common	Matt Stewart		
Spire Serpent	4U	5	Creature ? Serpent	"Defender
Metalcraft ? As long as you control three or more artifacts, Spire Serpent gets +2/+2 and can attack as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	32	common	Johann Bodin		
Scourge Servant	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	54	common	Daarken		
Spread the Sickness	4B	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	56	common	Jaime Jones		
Concussive Bolt	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Concussive Bolt deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Metalcraft ? If you control three or more artifacts, creatures controlled by that player or by that planeswalker's controller can't block this turn."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	60	common	Johann Bodin		
Kuldotha Ringleader	4R	5	Creature ? Giant Berserker	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
Kuldotha Ringleader attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	70	common	Greg Staples		
Tangle Hulk	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Beast	{2}{G}: Regenerate Tangle Hulk.		G	Mirrodin Besieged	139	common	Mark Zug		
Sensor Splicer	4W	5	Creature ? Artificer	"When Sensor Splicer enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token.
Golem creatures you control have vigilance."	W	W	New Phyrexia	22	common	Izzy		
Shriek Raptor	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	W	W	New Phyrexia	24	common	Efrem Palacios		
Numbing Dose	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted permanent's controller, that player loses 1 life."	U	U	New Phyrexia	40	common	Brad Rigney		
Spire Monitor	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying"	U	U	New Phyrexia	46	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Dementia Bat	4B	5	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
{4}{B}, Sacrifice Dementia Bat: Target player discards two cards."	B	B	New Phyrexia	55	common	Daarken		
Pith Driller	4B/P	5	Artifact Creature ? Horror	"({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)
When Pith Driller enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	B	B	New Phyrexia	69	common	Nils Hamm		
Slash Panther	4R/P	5	Artifact Creature ? Cat	"({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)
Haste"	R	R	New Phyrexia	96	common	Matt Stewart		
Victorious Destruction	4R	5	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or land. Its controller loses 1 life.	R	R	New Phyrexia	99	common	Jung Park		
Rotted Hystrix	4G	5	Creature ? Beast		G	G	New Phyrexia	120	common	Dave Allsop		
Pestilent Souleater	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Insect	{B/P}: Pestilent Souleater gains infect until end of turn. ({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life. A creature with infect deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)		B	New Phyrexia	149	common	Matt Stewart		
Thraben Purebloods	4W	5	Creature ? Hound		W	W	Innistrad	37	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Stromkirk Patrol	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Whenever Stromkirk Patrol deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Innistrad	118	common	Karl Kopinski		
Night Revelers	4R	5	Creature ? Vampire	Night Revelers has haste as long as an opponent controls a Human.	R	R	Innistrad	153	common	Steve Argyle		
Pitchburn Devils	4R	5	Creature ? Devil	"When Pitchburn Devils dies, it deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Innistrad	156	common	Johann Bodin		
Somberwald Spider	4G	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Morbid ? Somberwald Spider enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it if a creature died this turn."	G	G	Innistrad	202	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Silverclaw Griffin	3WW	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Dark Ascension	21	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Nearheath Stalker	4R	5	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Dark Ascension	100	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Scorch the Fields	4R	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Scorch the Fields deals 1 damage to each Human creature.	R	R	Dark Ascension	103	common	Jaime Jones		
Hollowhenge Beast	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Dark Ascension	118	common	Dave Kendall		
Spectral Gateguards	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit Soldier	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Spectral Gateguards is paired with another creature, both creatures have vigilance."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	37	common	Wayne England		
Gryff Vanguard	4U	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying
When Gryff Vanguard enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	59	common	Jason Chan		
Rotcrown Ghoul	4U	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Rotcrown Ghoul dies, target player puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	72	common	Dave Kendall		
Polluted Dead	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Polluted Dead dies, destroy target land."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	116	common	Jason A. Engle		
Renegade Demon	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon		B	B	Avacyn Restored	118	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Raging Poltergeist	4R	5	Creature ? Spirit		R	R	Avacyn Restored	150	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Wildwood Geist	4G	5	Creature ? Spirit	Wildwood Geist gets +2/+2 as long as it's your turn.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	204	common	Lars Grant-West		
Voidwielder	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Voidwielder enters the battlefield, you may return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	56	common	Chase Stone		
Destroy the Evidence	4B	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target land. Its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	64	common	Clint Cearley		
Batterhorn	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"When Batterhorn enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	87	common	Dave Kendall		
Survey the Wreckage	4R	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	107	common	Warren Mahy		
Rubbleback Rhino	4G	5	Creature ? Rhino	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Return to Ravnica	132	common	Johann Bodin		
Skull Rend	3BR	5	Sorcery	Skull Rend deals 2 damage to each opponent. Those players each discard two cards at random.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	195	common	Greg Staples		
Spawn of Rix Maadi	3BR	5	Creature ? Horror	Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)	R	R	Return to Ravnica	199	common	Min Yum		
Golgari Longlegs	3B/GB/G	5	Creature ? Insect		G	G	Return to Ravnica	216	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Angelic Edict	4W	5	Sorcery	Exile target creature or enchantment.	W	W	Gatecrash	2	common	Trevor Claxton		
Knight Watch	4W	5	Sorcery	Create two 2/2 white Knight creature tokens with vigilance.	W	W	Gatecrash	19	common	Matt Stewart		
Nav Squad Commandos	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Nav Squad Commandos and at least two other creatures attack, Nav Squad Commandos gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap it."	W	W	Gatecrash	22	common	Steve Prescott		
Leyline Phantom	4U	5	Creature ? Illusion	"When Leyline Phantom deals combat damage, return it to its owner's hand. (Return it only if it survived combat.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	41	common	Ryan Yee		
Horror of the Dim	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	{U}: Horror of the Dim gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	B	U	Gatecrash	68	common	Jack Wang		
Shadow Slice	4B	5	Sorcery	"Target opponent loses 3 life.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	77	common	Raymond Swanland		
Tin Street Market	4R	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}, Discard a card: Draw a card."""	R	R	Gatecrash	108	common	Noah Bradley		
Towering Thunderfist	4R	5	Creature ? Giant Soldier	{W}: Towering Thunderfist gains vigilance until end of turn.	R	W	Gatecrash	109	common	Zoltan Boros		
Adaptive Snapjaw	4G	5	Creature ? Lizard Beast	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	G	G	Gatecrash	113	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Primal Visitation	3RG	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has haste."	R	R	Gatecrash	187	common	Christopher Moeller		
Zhur-Taa Swine	3RG	5	Creature ? Boar	"Bloodrush ? {1}{R}{G}, Discard Zhur-Taa Swine: Target attacking creature gets +5/+4 until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	210	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Steeple Roc	4W	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	8	common	David Palumbo		
Armored Wolf-Rider	3GW	5	Creature ? Elf Knight		W	W	Dragon's Maze	52	common	Matt Stewart		
Setessan Griffin	4W	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{2}{G}{G}: Setessan Griffin gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	W	W	Theros	30	common	Greg Staples		
Silent Artisan	3WW	5	Creature ? Giant		W	W	Theros	31	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Prescient Chimera	3UU	5	Creature ? Chimera	"Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Theros	59	common	Daarken		
Rage of Purphoros	4R	5	Sorcery	Rage of Purphoros deals 4 damage to target creature. It can't be regenerated this turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Theros	137	common	Mathias Kollros		
Wild Celebrants	3RR	5	Creature ? Satyr	"When Wild Celebrants enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact."	R	R	Theros	147	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Nessian Asp	4G	5	Creature ? Snake	"Reach
{6}{G}: Monstrosity 4. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put four +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)"	G	G	Theros	164	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Pheres-Band Centaurs	4G	5	Creature ? Centaur Warrior		G	G	Theros	171	common	Mark Winters		
Griffin Dreamfinder	3WW	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
When Griffin Dreamfinder enters the battlefield, return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Born of the Gods	16	common	Adam Paquette		
Floodtide Serpent	4U	5	Creature ? Serpent	Floodtide Serpent can't attack unless you return an enchantment you control to its owner's hand. (This cost is paid as attackers are declared.)	U	U	Born of the Gods	41	common	Steven Belledin		
Sphinx's Disciple	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
Inspired ? Whenever Sphinx's Disciple becomes untapped, draw a card."	U	U	Born of the Gods	51	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Warchanter of Mogis	3BB	5	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"Inspired ? Whenever Warchanter of Mogis becomes untapped, target creature you control gains intimidate until end of turn. (A creature with intimidate can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Born of the Gods	85	common	Mike Bierek		
Pharagax Giant	4R	5	Creature ? Giant	"Tribute 2 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Pharagax Giant enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, Pharagax Giant deals 5 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Born of the Gods	104	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Snake of the Golden Grove	4G	5	Creature ? Snake	"Tribute 3 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put three +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Snake of the Golden Grove enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, you gain 4 life."	G	G	Born of the Gods	141	common	Mathias Kollros		
Supply-Line Cranes	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Supply-Line Cranes enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	28	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Thassa's Devourer	4U	5	Enchantment Creature ? Elemental	"Constellation ? Whenever Thassa's Devourer or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	53	common	David Palumbo		
Dreadbringer Lampads	4B	5	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Constellation ? Whenever Dreadbringer Lampads or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gains intimidate until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Journey into Nyx	67	common	Willian Murai		
Flurry of Horns	4R	5	Sorcery	Create two 2/3 red Minotaur creature tokens with haste.	R	R	Journey into Nyx	96	common	Phill Simmer		
Pheres-Band Thunderhoof	4G	5	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Pheres-Band Thunderhoof, put two +1/+1 counters on Pheres-Band Thunderhoof."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	134	common	Christopher Moeller		
Thoughtcast	4U	5	Sorcery	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Draw two cards."	U	U	Mirrodin	54	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Heliophial	5	5	Artifact	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
{2}, Sacrifice Heliophial: It deals damage equal to the number of charge counters on it to any target."			Fifth Dawn	130	common	Wayne England		
Hundred-Talon Kami	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	16	common	Paolo Parente		
Kami of the Painted Road	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Kami of the Painted Road gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	23	common	Ron Spencer		
Scuttling Death	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Sacrifice Scuttling Death: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	142	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Devouring Rage	4R	5	Instant ? Arcane	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of Spirits.
Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn. For each Spirit sacrificed this way, that creature gets an additional +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	164	common	Vance Kovacs		
Sokenzan Bruiser	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	188	common	Paolo Parente		
Soul of Magma	3RR	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Soul of Magma deals 1 damage to target creature."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	189	common	Darrell Riche		
Venerable Kumo	4G	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	248	common	Carl Critchlow		
Okiba-Gang Shinobi	3BB	5	Creature ? Rat Ninja	"Ninjutsu {3}{B} ({3}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Okiba-Gang Shinobi deals combat damage to a player, that player discards two cards."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	76	common	Mark Zug		
Shinen of Flight's Wings	4U	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Channel ? {U}, Discard Shinen of Flight's Wings: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	57	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Shinen of Fear's Chill	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Shinen of Fear's Chill can't block.
Channel ? {1}{B}, Discard Shinen of Fear's Chill: Target creature can't block this turn."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	88	common	Darrell Riche		
Ogre Savant	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Wizard	"When Ogre Savant enters the battlefield, if {U} was spent to cast Ogre Savant, return target creature to its owner's hand."	R	U	Guildpact	70	common	Paolo Parente		
Enemy of the Guildpact	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	Protection from multicolored	B	B	Dissension	44	common	Fred Hooper		
Viscerid Deepwalker	4U	5	Creature ? Homarid Warrior	"{U}: Viscerid Deepwalker gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Suspend 4?{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {U} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	91	common	Heather Hudson		
Mulldrifter	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Mulldrifter enters the battlefield, draw two cards.
Evoke {2}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	76	common	Eric Fortune		
Weed Strangle	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. Clash with an opponent. If you win, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	147	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Consuming Bonfire	3RR	5	Tribal Sorcery ? Elemental	"Choose one ?
? Consuming Bonfire deals 4 damage to target non-Elemental creature.
? Consuming Bonfire deals 7 damage to target Treefolk creature."	R	R	Lorwyn	161	common	Randy Gallegos		
Ingot Chewer	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental	"When Ingot Chewer enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact.
Evoke {R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	180	common	Kev Walker		
Gloomlance	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. If that creature was green or white, its controller discards a card."	B	B	Shadowmoor	67	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Traitor's Roar	4B/R	5	Sorcery	"Tap target untapped creature. It deals damage equal to its power to its controller.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	200	common	Jim Pavelec		
Old Ghastbark	3G/WG/W	5	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior		W	W	Shadowmoor	232	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Gift of the Deity	4B/G	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is black, it gets +1/+1 and has deathtouch. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy that creature.)
As long as enchanted creature is green, it gets +1/+1 and all creatures able to block it do so."	G	G	Eventide	122	common	Steve Prescott		
Monstrous Carabid	3BR	5	Creature ? Insect	"Monstrous Carabid attacks each combat if able.
Cycling {B/R} ({B/R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	43	common	Pete Venters		
Deadshot Minotaur	3RG	5	Creature ? Minotaur	"When Deadshot Minotaur enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature with flying.
Cycling {R/G} ({R/G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	52	common	Jason Chan		
Maw of the Mire	4B	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. You gain 4 life.	B	B	Innistrad	108	common	Vincent Proce		
Death's Caress	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. If that creature was a Human, you gain life equal to its toughness."	B	B	Dark Ascension	59	common	James Ryman		
Geist Trappers	4G	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Geist Trappers is paired with another creature, both creatures have reach."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	179	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Narstad Scrapper	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{2}: Narstad Scrapper gets +1/+0 until end of turn.			Avacyn Restored	218	common	Steven Belledin		
Gray Merchant of Asphodel	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Gray Merchant of Asphodel enters the battlefield, each opponent loses X life, where X is your devotion to black. You gain life equal to the life lost this way. (Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)"	B	B	Theros	89	common	Robbie Trevino		
Territorial Baloth	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Territorial Baloth gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Zendikar	188	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Totem-Guide Hartebeest	4W	5	Creature ? Antelope	"When Totem-Guide Hartebeest enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Aura card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	50	common	John Avon		
Catacomb Slug	4B	5	Creature ? Slug		B	B	Return to Ravnica	58	common	Nils Hamm		
Whiplash Trap	3UU	5	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent had two or more creatures enter the battlefield under their control this turn, you may pay {U} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Return two target creatures to their owners' hands."	U	U	Zendikar	77	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Loxodon Mender	5W	6	Creature ? Elephant Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Regenerate target artifact."	W	W	Mirrodin	12	common	Heather Hudson		
Somber Hoverguard	5U	6	Creature ? Drone	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Flying"	U	U	Mirrodin	51	common	Adam Rex		
Groffskithur	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Groffskithur becomes blocked, you may return target card named Groffskithur from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Mirrodin	121	common	John Matson		
Malachite Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{1}{G}: Malachite Golem gains trample until end of turn.		G	Mirrodin	202	common	Paolo Parente		
Tangle Spider	4GG	6	Creature ? Spider	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Darksteel	85	common	Terese Nielsen		
Oxidda Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Affinity for Mountains (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each Mountain you control.)
Haste"			Darksteel	135	common	Greg Staples		
Razor Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Affinity for Plains (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each Plains you control.)
Vigilance"			Darksteel	137	common	Christopher Moeller		
Spire Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Affinity for Islands (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each Island you control.)
Flying"			Darksteel	145	common	Daren Bader		
Tyrranax	4GG	6	Creature ? Dinosaur Beast	{1}{G}: Tyrranax gets -1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Fifth Dawn	98	common	Carl Critchlow		
Sawtooth Thresher	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Remove two +1/+1 counters from Sawtooth Thresher: Sawtooth Thresher gets +4/+4 until end of turn."			Fifth Dawn	149	common	Alan Pollack		
Deathcurse Ogre	5B	6	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"When Deathcurse Ogre dies, each player loses 3 life."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	109	common	Mark Tedin		
Pull Under	5B	6	Instant ? Arcane	Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	137	common	Ron Spencer		
Moss Kami	5G	6	Creature ? Spirit	Trample	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	228	common	Hugh Jamieson		
Silverstorm Samurai	4WW	6	Creature ? Fox Samurai	"Flash
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	22	common	Michael Sutfin		
Crawling Filth	5B	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Soulshift 5 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 5 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	64	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Scaled Hulk	5G	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Scaled Hulk gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	143	common	Arnie Swekel		
Ronin Cavekeeper	5R	6	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	111	common	Paolo Parente		
Nightsoil Kami	4GG	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Soulshift 5 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 5 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	139	common	Jim Nelson		
Conclave Equenaut	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Flying"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	9	common	Terese Nielsen		
Vedalken Dismisser	5U	6	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"When Vedalken Dismisser enters the battlefield, put target creature on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	73	common	Dan Scott		
Zephyr Spirit	5U	6	Creature ? Spirit	"When Zephyr Spirit blocks, return it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	76	common	Tomas Giorello		
Coalhauler Swine	4RR	6	Creature ? Boar Beast	"Whenever Coalhauler Swine is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to each player."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	119	common	Daren Bader		
Gruul Nodorog	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	{R}: Gruul Nodorog gains menace until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	G	R	Guildpact	88	common	Pete Venters		
Ronom Serpent	5U	6	Snow Creature ? Serpent	"Ronom Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls a snow land.
When you control no snow lands, sacrifice Ronom Serpent."	U	U	Coldsnap	45	common	Ron Spencer		
Aurochs Herd	5G	6	Creature ? Aurochs	"Trample
When Aurochs Herd enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Aurochs card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.
Whenever Aurochs Herd attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Aurochs."	G	G	Coldsnap	103	common	Darrell Riche		
Jedit's Dragoons	5W	6	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Vigilance
When Jedit's Dragoons enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Time Spiral	25	common	John Matson		
Eternity Snare	5U	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Eternity Snare enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Time Spiral	61	common	Drew Tucker		
Corpulent Corpse	5B	6	Creature ? Zombie	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Suspend 5?{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {B} and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	98	common	Doug Chaffee		
Mindstab	5B	6	Sorcery	"Target player discards three cards.
Suspend 4?{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {B} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	119	common	Mark Tedin		
Bogardan Rager	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Bogardan Rager enters the battlefield, target creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	148	common	Clint Langley		
Durkwood Baloth	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Suspend 5?{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {G} and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	193	common	Dan Frazier		
Bog Serpent	5B	6	Creature ? Serpent	"Bog Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls a Swamp.
When you control no Swamps, sacrifice Bog Serpent."	B	B	Planar Chaos	84	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Battering Sliver	5R	6	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have trample.	R	R	Planar Chaos	95	common	Greg Staples		
Lairwatch Giant	5W	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Lairwatch Giant can block an additional creature each combat.
Whenever Lairwatch Giant blocks two or more creatures, it gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	29	common	Warren Mahy		
Aethersnipe	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	"When Aethersnipe enters the battlefield, return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.
Evoke {1}{U}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	50	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Bog Hoodlums	5B	6	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Bog Hoodlums can't block.
When Bog Hoodlums enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Bog Hoodlums. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	100	common	Brandon Dorman		
Axegrinder Giant	4RR	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior		R	R	Lorwyn	151	common	Warren Mahy		
Floodchaser	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Floodchaser enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.
Floodchaser can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
{U}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Floodchaser: Target land becomes an Island until end of turn."	U	U	Morningtide	34	common	Eric Fortune		
Lunk Errant	5R	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Whenever Lunk Errant attacks alone, it gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Morningtide	94	common	Warren Mahy		
Woeleecher	5W	6	Creature ? Elemental	"{W}, {T}: Remove a -1/-1 counter from target creature. If you do, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Shadowmoor	27	common	Izzy		
Ashenmoor Cohort	5B	6	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	Ashenmoor Cohort gets +1/+1 as long as you control another black creature.	B	B	Shadowmoor	56	common	Lucio Parrillo		
Inescapable Brute	5R	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Inescapable Brute must be blocked if able."	R	R	Shadowmoor	95	common	Nils Hamm		
Foxfire Oak	5G	6	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	{R/G}{R/G}{R/G}: Foxfire Oak gets +3/+0 until end of turn.	G	R	Shadowmoor	115	common	Dave Kendall		
Morselhoarder	4R/GR/G	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Morselhoarder enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it.
Remove a -1/-1 counter from Morselhoarder: Add one mana of any color."	R	R	Shadowmoor	212	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Rattleblaze Scarecrow	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Rattleblaze Scarecrow has persist as long as you control a black creature. (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)
Rattleblaze Scarecrow has haste as long as you control a red creature."			Shadowmoor	259	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Thornwatch Scarecrow	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Thornwatch Scarecrow has wither as long as you control a green creature. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Thornwatch Scarecrow has vigilance as long as you control a white creature."			Shadowmoor	265	common	Chuck Lukacs		
Trapjaw Kelpie	4G/UG/U	6	Creature ? Beast	"Flash
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Eventide	164	common	Lars Grant-West		
Steelclad Serpent	5U	6	Artifact Creature ? Serpent	Steelclad Serpent can't attack unless you control another artifact.	U	U	Shards of Alara	59	common	Carl Critchlow		
Undead Leotau	5B	6	Creature ? Zombie Cat	"{R}: Undead Leotau gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
Unearth {2}{B} ({2}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	R	Shards of Alara	90	common	Carl Critchlow		
Cavern Thoctar	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	{1}{R}: Cavern Thoctar gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	G	R	Shards of Alara	125	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Sanctum Plowbeast	4WU	6	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"Defender
Plainscycling {2}, islandcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	10	common	Anthony Francisco		
Jhessian Zombies	4UB	6	Creature ? Zombie	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Islandcycling {2}, swampcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	U	U	Alara Reborn	22	common	Ash Wood		
Igneous Pouncer	4BR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste
Swampcycling {2}, mountaincycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	40	common	Chippy		
Valley Rannet	4RG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Mountaincycling {2}, forestcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	61	common	Dave Allsop		
Pale Recluse	4GW	6	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Forestcycling {2}, plainscycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	74	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Sigiled Behemoth	4GW	6	Creature ? Beast	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	79	common	Donato Giancola		
Shoal Serpent	5U	6	Creature ? Serpent	"Defender
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Shoal Serpent loses defender until end of turn."	U	U	Zendikar	65	common	Trevor Claxton		
Vastwood Gorger	5G	6	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Zendikar	192	common	Kieran Yanner		
Essence Feed	5B	6	Sorcery	"Target player loses 3 life. You gain 3 life and create three 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	110	common	Daarken		
Flameborn Hellion	5R	6	Creature ? Hellion	"Haste
Flameborn Hellion attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	89	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Alpha Tyrranax	4GG	6	Creature ? Dinosaur Beast		G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	109	common	Dave Kendall		
Caustic Hound	5B	6	Creature ? Hound	"When Caustic Hound dies, each player loses 4 life."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	40	common	Dave Allsop		
Gnathosaur	4RR	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	Sacrifice an artifact: Gnathosaur gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	63	common	Jason Chan		
Fangren Marauder	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever an artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may gain 5 life."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	79	common	James Ryman		
Razorfield Rhino	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Rhino	Metalcraft ? Razorfield Rhino gets +2/+2 as long as you control three or more artifacts.			Mirrodin Besieged	127	common	Kekai Kotaki		
Chained Throatseeker	5U	6	Creature ? Horror	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Chained Throatseeker can't attack unless defending player is poisoned."	U	U	New Phyrexia	30	common	Stephan Martiniere		
Toxic Nim	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{B}: Regenerate Toxic Nim."	B	B	New Phyrexia	75	common	Karl Kopinski		
Flameborn Viron	4RR	6	Creature ? Insect		R	R	New Phyrexia	83	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Thundering Tanadon	4G/PG/P	6	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"({G/P} can be paid with either {G} or 2 life.)
Trample"	G	G	New Phyrexia	122	common	Dan Scott		
Phyrexian Hulk	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem				New Phyrexia	150	common	Steven Belledin		
Kindercatch	3GGG	6	Creature ? Spirit		G	G	Innistrad	190	common	Terese Nielsen		
Voice of the Provinces	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Voice of the Provinces enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Human creature token."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	40	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Havengul Skaab	5U	6	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Whenever Havengul Skaab attacks, return another creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	60	common	Vincent Proce		
Grave Exchange	4BB	6	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Target player sacrifices a creature.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	105	common	Sam Wolfe Connelly		
Pathbreaker Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Pathbreaker Wurm is paired with another creature, both creatures have trample."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	188	common	Nils Hamm		
Isperia's Skywatch	5U	6	Creature ? Vedalken Knight	"Flying
When Isperia's Skywatch enters the battlefield, detain target creature an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that creature can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	43	common	Chris Rahn		
Tenement Crasher	5R	6	Creature ? Beast	Haste	R	R	Return to Ravnica	108	common	Warren Mahy		
Coursers' Accord	4GW	6	Sorcery	"Create a 3/3 green Centaur creature token, then populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	154	common	Nils Hamm		
Structural Collapse	5R	6	Sorcery	Target player sacrifices an artifact and a land. Structural Collapse deals 2 damage to that player.	R	R	Gatecrash	107	common	Sam Burley		
Ruination Wurm	4RG	6	Creature ? Wurm		R	R	Gatecrash	192	common	Dave Kendall		
Maze Sentinel	5W	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Vigilance
Multicolored creatures you control have vigilance."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	4	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Maze Glider	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Multicolored creatures you control have flying."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	13	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Maze Abomination	5B	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Multicolored creatures you control have deathtouch."	B	B	Dragon's Maze	26	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Maze Rusher	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste
Multicolored creatures you control have haste."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	33	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Maze Behemoth	5G	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Multicolored creatures you control have trample."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	43	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Morgue Burst	4BR	6	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Morgue Burst deals damage to any target equal to the power of the card returned this way.	R	R	Dragon's Maze	86	common	Raymond Swanland		
Benthic Giant	5U	6	Creature ? Giant	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Theros	41	common	Jaime Jones		
Thassa's Bounty	5U	6	Sorcery	Draw three cards. Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Theros	67	common	Ryan Yee		
Loathsome Catoblepas	5B	6	Creature ? Beast	"{2}{G}: Loathsome Catoblepas must be blocked this turn if able.
When Loathsome Catoblepas dies, target creature an opponent controls gets -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	G	Theros	95	common	Christopher Burdett		
Sip of Hemlock	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Its controller loses 2 life.	B	B	Theros	106	common	Nils Hamm		
Vulpine Goliath	4GG	6	Creature ? Fox	Trample	G	G	Theros	183	common	Adam Paquette		
Godhunter Octopus	5U	6	Creature ? Octopus	Godhunter Octopus can't attack unless defending player controls an enchantment or an enchanted permanent.	U	U	Journey into Nyx	39	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Rise of Eagles	4UU	6	Sorcery	Create two 2/2 blue Bird enchantment creature tokens with flying. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Journey into Nyx	49	common	Noah Bradley		
Gluttonous Cyclops	5R	6	Creature ? Cyclops	"{5}{R}{R}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)"	R	R	Journey into Nyx	99	common	Steve Prescott		
Lightning Diadem	5R	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Lightning Diadem enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to any target.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	102	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Humbler of Mortals	4GG	6	Enchantment Creature ? Elemental	"Constellation ? Whenever Humbler of Mortals or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	127	common	Jason Felix		
Wurmskin Forger	5GG	7	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"When Wurmskin Forger enters the battlefield, distribute three +1/+1 counters among one, two, or three target creatures."	G	G	Mirrodin	140	common	Justin Sweet		
Myr Enforcer	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Myr	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)			Mirrodin	211	common	Greg Staples		
Welding Jar	0	0	Artifact	Sacrifice Welding Jar: Regenerate target artifact.			Mirrodin	274	common	Mark Brill		
Quicksilver Behemoth	6U	7	Creature ? Beast	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
When Quicksilver Behemoth attacks or blocks, return it to its owner's hand at end of combat. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	U	U	Darksteel	30	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Tangle Golem	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Affinity for Forests (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each Forest you control.)			Darksteel	151	common	Arnie Swekel		
Darksteel Citadel		0	Artifact Land	"Indestructible
{T}: Add {C}."			Darksteel	164	common	John Avon		
Vine Kami	6G	7	Creature ? Spirit	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Soulshift 6 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 6 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	249	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Guardian of Vitu-Ghazi	6GW	8	Creature ? Elemental	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Vigilance"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	212	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Boros Garrison		0	Land	"Boros Garrison enters the battlefield tapped.
When Boros Garrison enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {R}{W}."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	275	common	John Avon		
Dimir Aqueduct		0	Land	"Dimir Aqueduct enters the battlefield tapped.
When Dimir Aqueduct enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {U}{B}."		U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	276	common	John Avon		
Golgari Rot Farm		0	Land	"Golgari Rot Farm enters the battlefield tapped.
When Golgari Rot Farm enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {B}{G}."		G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	278	common	John Avon		
Selesnya Sanctuary		0	Land	"Selesnya Sanctuary enters the battlefield tapped.
When Selesnya Sanctuary enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {G}{W}."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	281	common	John Avon		
Gruul Turf		0	Land	"Gruul Turf enters the battlefield tapped.
When Gruul Turf enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {R}{G}."		R	Guildpact	158	common	John Avon		
Izzet Boilerworks		0	Land	"Izzet Boilerworks enters the battlefield tapped.
When Izzet Boilerworks enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {U}{R}."		U	Guildpact	159	common	John Avon		
Orzhov Basilica		0	Land	"Orzhov Basilica enters the battlefield tapped.
When Orzhov Basilica enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {W}{B}."		W	Guildpact	161	common	John Avon		
Cytospawn Shambler	6G	7	Creature ? Elemental Mutant	"Graft 6 (This creature enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{G}: Target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Dissension	82	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Azorius Chancery		0	Land	"Azorius Chancery enters the battlefield tapped.
When Azorius Chancery enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {W}{U}."		W	Dissension	170	common	John Avon		
Rakdos Carnarium		0	Land	"Rakdos Carnarium enters the battlefield tapped.
When Rakdos Carnarium enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {B}{R}."		R	Dissension	178	common	John Avon		
Simic Growth Chamber		0	Land	"Simic Growth Chamber enters the battlefield tapped.
When Simic Growth Chamber enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {G}{U}."		U	Dissension	180	common	John Avon		
Snow-Covered Plains		0	Basic Snow Land ? Plains	({T}: Add {W}.)		W	Coldsnap	151	common	Mark Romanoski		
Snow-Covered Island		0	Basic Snow Land ? Island	({T}: Add {U}.)		U	Coldsnap	152	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Snow-Covered Swamp		0	Basic Snow Land ? Swamp	({T}: Add {B}.)		B	Coldsnap	153	common	Rob Alexander		
Snow-Covered Mountain		0	Basic Snow Land ? Mountain	({T}: Add {R}.)		R	Coldsnap	154	common	John Zeleznik		
Snow-Covered Forest		0	Basic Snow Land ? Forest	({T}: Add {G}.)		G	Coldsnap	155	common	Jim Nelson		
Ivory Giant	5WW	7	Creature ? Giant	"When Ivory Giant enters the battlefield, tap all nonwhite creatures.
Suspend 5?{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {W} and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	24	common	Jeff Miracola		
Errant Ephemeron	6U	7	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Suspend 4?{1}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{U} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	60	common	Luca Zontini		
Slipstream Serpent	7U	8	Creature ? Serpent	"Slipstream Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Slipstream Serpent.
Morph {5}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	77	common	Darrell Riche		
Havenwood Wurm	6G	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Trample"	G	G	Time Spiral	199	common	Stuart Griffin		
Terramorphic Expanse		0	Land	"{T}, Sacrifice Terramorphic Expanse: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."			Time Spiral	279	common	Dan Scott		
Mournwhelk	6B	7	Creature ? Elemental	"When Mournwhelk enters the battlefield, target player discards two cards.
Evoke {3}{B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	127	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Faultgrinder	6R	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
When Faultgrinder enters the battlefield, destroy target land.
Evoke {4}{R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	163	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Oakgnarl Warrior	5GG	7	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Vigilance, trample"	G	G	Lorwyn	232	common	Jim Nelson		
Herbal Poultice	0	0	Artifact	"{3}, Sacrifice Herbal Poultice: Regenerate target creature."			Lorwyn	257	common	Scott Hampton		
Shimmering Grotto		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Lorwyn	273	common	Alan Pollack		
Loamdragger Giant	4R/GR/GR/G	7	Creature ? Giant Warrior		R	R	Shadowmoor	210	common	Pete Venters		
Yoked Plowbeast	5WW	7	Creature ? Beast	"Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	31	common	Steve Argyle		
Ridge Rannet	5RR	7	Creature ? Beast	"Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	111	common	Jim Murray		
Jungle Weaver	5GG	7	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Shards of Alara	134	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Bant Panorama		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Bant Panorama: Search your library for a basic Forest, Plains, or Island card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Shards of Alara	221	common	Donato Giancola		
Esper Panorama		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Esper Panorama: Search your library for a basic Plains, Island, or Swamp card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Shards of Alara	223	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Grixis Panorama		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Grixis Panorama: Search your library for a basic Island, Swamp, or Mountain card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Shards of Alara	224	common	Nils Hamm		
Jund Panorama		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Jund Panorama: Search your library for a basic Swamp, Mountain, or Forest card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Shards of Alara	225	common	Jaime Jones		
Naya Panorama		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Naya Panorama: Search your library for a basic Mountain, Forest, or Plains card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Shards of Alara	227	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Absorb Vis	6B	7	Sorcery	"Target player loses 4 life and you gain 4 life.
Basic landcycling {1}{B} ({1}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	B	B	Conflux	40	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Bone Saw	0	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Conflux	135	common	Pete Venters		
Spidersilk Net	0	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+2 and has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Zendikar	206	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Kabira Crossroads		0	Land	"Kabira Crossroads enters the battlefield tapped.
When Kabira Crossroads enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Zendikar	216	common	James Paick		
Piranha Marsh		0	Land	"Piranha Marsh enters the battlefield tapped.
When Piranha Marsh enters the battlefield, target player loses 1 life.
{T}: Add {B}."		B	Zendikar	222	common	Nic Klein		
Soaring Seacliff		0	Land	"Soaring Seacliff enters the battlefield tapped.
When Soaring Seacliff enters the battlefield, target creature gains flying until end of turn.
{T}: Add {U}."		U	Zendikar	225	common	Izzy		
Teetering Peaks		0	Land	"Teetering Peaks enters the battlefield tapped.
When Teetering Peaks enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
{T}: Add {R}."		R	Zendikar	226	common	Fred Fields		
Turntimber Grove		0	Land	"Turntimber Grove enters the battlefield tapped.
When Turntimber Grove enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{T}: Add {G}."		G	Zendikar	227	common	Rob Alexander		
Bojuka Bog		0	Land	"Bojuka Bog enters the battlefield tapped.
When Bojuka Bog enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target player's graveyard.
{T}: Add {B}."		B	Worldwake	132	common	Howard Lyon		
Halimar Depths		0	Land	"Halimar Depths enters the battlefield tapped.
When Halimar Depths enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
{T}: Add {U}."		U	Worldwake	137	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Khalni Garden		0	Land	"Khalni Garden enters the battlefield tapped.
When Khalni Garden enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.
{T}: Add {G}."		G	Worldwake	138	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Quicksand		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Quicksand: Target attacking creature without flying gets -1/-2 until end of turn."			Worldwake	140	common	Matt Stewart		
Sejiri Steppe		0	Land	"Sejiri Steppe enters the battlefield tapped.
When Sejiri Steppe enters the battlefield, target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Worldwake	142	common	Anthony Francisco		
Smoldering Spires		0	Land	"Smoldering Spires enters the battlefield tapped.
When Smoldering Spires enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn.
{T}: Add {R}."		R	Worldwake	143	common	Rob Alexander		
Hand of Emrakul	9	9	Creature ? Eldrazi	"You may sacrifice four Eldrazi Spawn rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)"			Rise of the Eldrazi	5	common	Chippy		
Ulamog's Crusher	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Annihilator 2 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices two permanents.)
Ulamog's Crusher attacks each combat if able."			Rise of the Eldrazi	13	common	Todd Lockwood		
Scrapdiver Serpent	5UU	7	Creature ? Serpent	Scrapdiver Serpent can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an artifact.	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	41	common	Adrian Smith		
Accorder's Shield	0	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+3 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Scars of Mirrodin	136	common	Alan Pollack		
Razorfield Thresher	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct				Scars of Mirrodin	197	common	Karl Kopinski		
Glimmerpost		0	Land ? Locus	"When Glimmerpost enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each Locus on the battlefield.
{T}: Add {C}."			Scars of Mirrodin	227	common	Matt Cavotta		
Hexplate Golem	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem				Mirrodin Besieged	109	common	Matt Cavotta		
Maul Splicer	6G	7	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Maul Splicer enters the battlefield, create two 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature tokens.
Golem creatures you control have trample."	G	G	New Phyrexia	114	common	Jason Chan		
Haunted Fengraf		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Haunted Fengraf: Return a creature card at random from your graveyard to your hand."			Dark Ascension	157	common	Adam Paquette		
Seraph Sanctuary		0	Land	"When Seraph Sanctuary enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
Whenever an Angel enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {C}."			Avacyn Restored	228	common	David Palumbo		
Terrus Wurm	6B	7	Creature ? Zombie Wurm	"Scavenge {6}{B} ({6}{B}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Return to Ravnica	80	common	Cliff Childs		
Axebane Stag	6G	7	Creature ? Elk		G	G	Return to Ravnica	116	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Horncaller's Chant	7G	8	Sorcery	"Create a 4/4 green Rhino creature token with trample, then populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	128	common	Eric Velhagen		
Transguild Promenade		0	Land	"Transguild Promenade enters the battlefield tapped.
When Transguild Promenade enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay {1}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Return to Ravnica	249	common	Noah Bradley		
Marshmist Titan	6B	7	Creature ? Giant	"This spell costs {X} less to cast, where X is your devotion to black. (Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)"	B	B	Born of the Gods	76	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Leonin Skyhunter	WW	2	Creature ? Cat Knight	Flying	W	W	Mirrodin	11	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Atog	1R	2	Creature ? Atog	Sacrifice an artifact: Atog gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin	86	uncommon	Puddnhead		
Bottle Gnomes	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Gnome	Sacrifice Bottle Gnomes: You gain 3 life.			Mirrodin	148	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Cathodion	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Cathodion dies, add {C}{C}{C}."			Mirrodin	149	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Ornithopter	0	0	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	Flying			Mirrodin	224	uncommon	Dana Knutson		
Skyhunter Skirmisher	1WW	3	Creature ? Cat Knight	"Flying, double strike"	W	W	Fifth Dawn	16	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Night's Whisper	1B	2	Sorcery	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	B	B	Fifth Dawn	55	uncommon	David Martin		
Relentless Rats	1BB	3	Creature ? Rat	"Relentless Rats gets +1/+1 for each other creature on the battlefield named Relentless Rats.
A deck can have any number of cards named Relentless Rats."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	58	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Furnace Whelp	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{R}: Furnace Whelp gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	65	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Arcbound Wanderer	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Modular?Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Fifth Dawn	103	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Guardian Idol	2	2	Artifact	"Guardian Idol enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{2}: Guardian Idol becomes a 2/2 Golem artifact creature until end of turn."			Fifth Dawn	128	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Otherworldly Journey	1W	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Exile target creature. At the beginning of the next end step, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	37	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Dampen Thought	1U	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	57	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Petals of Insight	4U	5	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Look at the top three cards of your library. You may put those cards on the bottom of your library in any order. If you do, return Petals of Insight to its owner's hand. Otherwise, draw three cards."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	79	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Thief of Hope	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Soulshift 2 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	147	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Hana Kami	G	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Hana Kami: Return target Arcane card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	211	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Conclave Phalanx	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
When Conclave Phalanx enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature you control."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	10	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Frenzied Goblin	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Whenever Frenzied Goblin attacks, you may pay {R}. If you do, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	125	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Moldervine Cloak	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	173	uncommon	Wayne England		
Scion of the Wild	1GG	3	Creature ? Avatar	Scion of the Wild's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	182	rare	Kev Walker		
Dimir Guildmage	U/BU/B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"({U/B} can be paid with either {U} or {B}.)
{3}{U}: Target player draws a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
{3}{B}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	245	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Plagued Rusalka	B	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Guildpact	56	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Scorched Rusalka	R	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{R}, Sacrifice a creature: Scorched Rusalka deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Guildpact	74	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Mistral Charger	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	Flying	W	W	Dissension	13	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Court Hussar	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Knight	"Vigilance
When Court Hussar enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library, then put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
When Court Hussar enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless {W} was spent to cast it."	U	W	Dissension	22	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Vigean Graftmage	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard Mutant	"Graft 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{1}{U}: Untap target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Dissension	35	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Undying Rage	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and can't block.
When Undying Rage is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Undying Rage to its owner's hand."	R	R	Time Spiral	184	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Assembly-Worker	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Assembly-Worker	{T}: Target Assembly-Worker creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.			Time Spiral	248	uncommon	Chippy		
Hammerheim Deadeye	3R	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Echo {5}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Hammerheim Deadeye enters the battlefield, destroy target creature with flying."	R	R	Planar Chaos	101	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Reckless Wurm	3RR	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
Madness {2}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Planar Chaos	120	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Sparkspitter	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Spellshaper	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token named Spark Elemental. It has trample, haste, and ""At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Spark Elemental."""	R	R	Future Sight	109	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Ghostly Changeling	2B	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{1}{B}: Ghostly Changeling gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	116	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Crush Underfoot	1R	2	Tribal Instant ? Giant	Choose a Giant creature you control. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature.	R	R	Lorwyn	162	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Inner-Flame Igniter	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"{2}{R}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Lorwyn	182	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Offalsnout	2B	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash
When Offalsnout leaves the battlefield, exile target card from a graveyard.
Evoke {B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	B	B	Morningtide	71	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Warren Weirding	1B	2	Tribal Sorcery ? Goblin	"Target player sacrifices a creature. If a Goblin is sacrificed this way, that player creates two 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature tokens, and those tokens gain haste until end of turn."	B	B	Morningtide	82	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Walker of the Grove	6GG	8	Creature ? Elemental	"When Walker of the Grove leaves the battlefield, create a 4/4 green Elemental creature token.
Evoke {4}{G} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	G	G	Morningtide	138	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Corrupt	5B	6	Sorcery	Corrupt deals damage to any target equal to the number of Swamps you control. You gain life equal to the damage dealt this way.	B	B	Shadowmoor	62	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Syphon Life	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	B	B	Eventide	46	uncommon	Dan Seagrave		
Duskdale Wurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Eventide	67	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Canker Abomination	2B/GB/G	4	Creature ? Treefolk Horror	"As Canker Abomination enters the battlefield, choose an opponent. Canker Abomination enters the battlefield with a -1/-1 counter on it for each creature that player controls."	G	G	Eventide	115	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Scourge Devil	4R	5	Creature ? Devil	"When Scourge Devil enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
Unearth {2}{R} ({2}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	113	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Grixis Slavedriver	5B	6	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"When Grixis Slavedriver leaves the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
Unearth {3}{B} ({3}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Conflux	46	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Dragonsoul Knight	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Until end of turn, Dragonsoul Knight becomes a Dragon, gets +5/+3, and gains flying and trample."	R	W	Conflux	62	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Viashino Slaughtermaster	1R	2	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Double strike
{B}{G}: Viashino Slaughtermaster gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	R	R	Conflux	73	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Pitfall Trap	2W	3	Instant ? Trap	"If exactly one creature is attacking, you may pay {W} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy target attacking creature without flying."	W	W	Zendikar	32	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Mark of Mutiny	2R	3	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Put a +1/+1 counter on it and untap it. That creature gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)	R	R	Zendikar	137	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
River Boa	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
{G}: Regenerate River Boa."	G	G	Zendikar	180	uncommon	Paul Bonner		
Mammoth Umbra	4W	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has vigilance.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	37	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Survival Cache	2W	3	Sorcery	"You gain 2 life. Then if you have more life than an opponent, draw a card.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	48	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Mortician Beetle	B	1	Creature ? Insect	"Whenever a player sacrifices a creature, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Mortician Beetle."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	117	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Traitorous Instinct	3R	4	Sorcery	"Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. Until end of turn, it gets +2/+0 and gains haste."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	168	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Runed Servitor	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Runed Servitor dies, each player draws a card."			Rise of the Eldrazi	224	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Thrummingbird	1U	2	Creature ? Bird Horror	"Flying
Whenever Thrummingbird deals combat damage to a player, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	47	uncommon	Efrem Palacios		
Trinket Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Trinket Mage enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost 1 or less, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	48	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Darksteel Axe	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Indestructible (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this artifact.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip {2}"			Scars of Mirrodin	149	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Rusted Relic	4	4	Artifact	Metalcraft ? Rusted Relic is a 5/5 Golem artifact creature as long as you control three or more artifacts.			Scars of Mirrodin	199	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Lead the Stampede	2G	3	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal any number of creature cards from among them and put the revealed cards into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	82	uncommon	Efrem Palacios		
Peace Strider	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Peace Strider enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."			Mirrodin Besieged	119	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Pierce Strider	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Pierce Strider enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 3 life."			Mirrodin Besieged	123	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Sphere of the Suns	2	2	Artifact	"Sphere of the Suns enters the battlefield tapped and with three charge counters on it.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Sphere of the Suns: Add one mana of any color."			Mirrodin Besieged	134	uncommon	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Alloy Myr	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add one mana of any color.			New Phyrexia	129	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Sickleslicer	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip {4}"			New Phyrexia	157	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Grasp of Phantoms	3U	4	Sorcery	"Put target creature on top of its owner's library.
Flashback {7}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	58	uncommon	Izzy		
Falkenrath Noble	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever Falkenrath Noble or another creature dies, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Innistrad	100	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Moan of the Unhallowed	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.
Flashback {5}{B}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Innistrad	109	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Wakedancer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Morbid ? When Wakedancer enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Dark Ascension	79	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Tandem Lookout	2U	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Tandem Lookout is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has ""Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, draw a card."""	U	U	Avacyn Restored	80	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Vessel of Endless Rest	3	3	Artifact	"When Vessel of Endless Rest enters the battlefield, put target card from a graveyard on the bottom of its owner's library.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Avacyn Restored	224	uncommon	John Avon		
Arrest	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	3	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Fencing Ace	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	W	W	Return to Ravnica	11	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Slum Reaper	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"When Slum Reaper enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	77	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Thrill-Kill Assassin	1B	2	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Deathtouch
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Return to Ravnica	81	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Slime Molding	XG	1	Sorcery	Create an X/X green Ooze creature token.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	135	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Call of the Conclave	GW	2	Sorcery	Create a 3/3 green Centaur creature token.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	146	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Righteous Charge	1WW	3	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Gatecrash	23	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Wight of Precinct Six	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	Wight of Precinct Six gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your opponents' graveyards.	B	B	Gatecrash	84	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Crowned Ceratok	3G	4	Creature ? Rhino	"Trample
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample."	G	G	Gatecrash	117	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Miming Slime	2G	3	Sorcery	"Create an X/X green Ooze creature token, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	G	G	Gatecrash	126	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Dinrova Horror	4UB	6	Creature ? Horror	"When Dinrova Horror enters the battlefield, return target permanent to its owner's hand, then that player discards a card."	U	U	Gatecrash	155	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Frenzied Tilling	3RG	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.	R	R	Gatecrash	166	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Ground Assault	RG	2	Sorcery	Ground Assault deals damage to target creature equal to the number of lands you control.	R	R	Gatecrash	168	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Burning-Tree Emissary	R/GR/G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Burning-Tree Emissary enters the battlefield, add {R}{G}."	R	R	Gatecrash	216	uncommon	Izzy		
Gift of Orzhova	1W/BW/B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying and lifelink."	W	W	Gatecrash	219	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Spike Jester	BR	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Haste	R	R	Dragon's Maze	106	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Arena Athlete	1R	2	Creature ? Human	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Arena Athlete, target creature an opponent controls can't block this turn."	R	R	Theros	113	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Springleaf Drum	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color."			Born of the Gods	162	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Skyspear Cavalry	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	26	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Tethmos High Priest	2W	3	Creature ? Cat Cleric	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Tethmos High Priest, return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	29	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Cranial Plating	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.
{B}{B}: Attach Cranial Plating to target creature you control.
Equip {1}"		B	Fifth Dawn	113	common	Adam Rex		
Empty the Warrens	3R	4	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	152	common	Mark Brill		
Grapeshot	1R	2	Sorcery	"Grapeshot deals 1 damage to any target.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	160	common	Pete Venters		
Hada Freeblade	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier Ally	"Whenever Hada Freeblade or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Hada Freeblade."	W	W	Worldwake	7	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Altar's Light	2WW	4	Instant	Exile target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Mirrodin	1	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Soul Nova	3WW	5	Instant	Exile target attacking creature and all Equipment attached to it.	W	W	Mirrodin	25	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Assert Authority	5UU	7	Instant	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Mirrodin	30	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Betrayal of Flesh	5B	6	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target creature.
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Entwine?Sacrifice three lands. (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	B	B	Mirrodin	58	uncommon	Wayne England		
Forge Armor	4R	5	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is the sacrificed artifact's converted mana cost."	R	R	Mirrodin	92	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Grab the Reins	3R	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Until end of turn, you gain control of target creature and it gains haste.
? Sacrifice a creature. Grab the Reins deals damage equal to that creature's power to any target.
Entwine {2}{R} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	R	R	Mirrodin	95	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Bloodscent	3G	4	Instant	All creatures able to block target creature this turn do so.	G	G	Mirrodin	114	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Stir the Pride	4W	5	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.
? Until end of turn, creatures you control gain ""Whenever this creature deals damage, you gain that much life.""
Entwine {1}{W} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	W	W	Darksteel	16	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Turn the Tables	3WW	5	Instant	All combat damage that would be dealt to you this turn is dealt to target attacking creature instead.	W	W	Darksteel	18	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Last Word	2UU	4	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Darksteel	23	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Murderous Spoils	5B	6	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. You gain control of all Equipment that were attached to it. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	B	B	Darksteel	48	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Shriveling Rot	2BB	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Until end of turn, whenever a creature is dealt damage, destroy it.
? Until end of turn, whenever a creature dies, that creature's controller loses life equal to its toughness.
Entwine {2}{B} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	B	B	Darksteel	54	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Savage Beating	3RR	5	Instant	"Cast this spell only during your turn and only during combat.
Choose one ?
? Creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn.
? Untap all creatures you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.
Entwine {1}{R} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	R	R	Darksteel	67	rare	Matt Thompson		
Tears of Rage	2RR	4	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step.
Attacking creatures you control get +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of attacking creatures. Sacrifice those creatures at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Darksteel	70	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Stand Together	3GG	5	Instant	Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature and two +1/+1 counters on another target creature.	G	G	Darksteel	84	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Beacon of Immortality	5W	6	Instant	Double target player's life total. Shuffle Beacon of Immortality into its owner's library.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	6	rare	Rob Alexander		
Retaliate	2WW	4	Instant	Destroy all creatures that dealt damage to you this turn.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	13	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Blinkmoth Infusion	12UU	14	Instant	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Untap all artifacts."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	25	rare	Alan Pollack		
Fold into Aether	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its controller may put a creature card from their hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	31	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Beacon of Destruction	3RR	5	Instant	Beacon of Destruction deals 5 damage to any target. Shuffle Beacon of Destruction into its owner's library.	R	R	Fifth Dawn	61	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Feedback Bolt	4R	5	Instant	Feedback Bolt deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of artifacts you control.	R	R	Fifth Dawn	64	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Time Stop	4UU	6	Instant	"End the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities on the stack, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and ""this turn"" and ""until end of turn"" effects end.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	97	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Soulblast	3RRR	6	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice all creatures you control.
Soulblast deals damage to any target equal to the total power of the sacrificed creatures."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	190	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Scour	2WW	4	Instant	"Exile target enchantment. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that enchantment and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	20	uncommon	Ittoku		
Quash	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target instant or sorcery spell. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that spell and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	47	uncommon	Shishizaru		
Aether Shockwave	3W	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Tap all Spirits.
? Tap all non-Spirit creatures."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	1	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Overwhelming Intellect	4UU	6	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Draw cards equal to that spell's converted mana cost.	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	51	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Hidetsugu's Second Rite	3R	4	Instant	"If target player has exactly 10 life, Hidetsugu's Second Rite deals 10 damage to that player."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	102	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Chant of Vitu-Ghazi	6WW	8	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt by creatures this turn. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	7	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Seed Spark	3W	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If {G} was spent to cast Seed Spark, create two 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	30	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Mnemonic Nexus	3U	4	Instant	Each player shuffles their graveyard into their library.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	59	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Moonlight Bargain	3BB	5	Instant	"Look at the top five cards of your library. For each card, put that card into your graveyard unless you pay 2 life. Then put the rest into your hand."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	95	rare	Nick Percival		
Cleansing Beam	4R	5	Instant	Radiance ? Cleansing Beam deals 2 damage to target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	118	uncommon	Pat Lee		
Flash Conscription	5R	6	Instant	"Untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn. If {W} was spent to cast Flash Conscription, the creature gains ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage, you gain that much life"" until end of turn."	R	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	124	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Clutch of the Undercity	1UUB	4	Instant	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand. Its controller loses 3 life.
Transmute {1}{U}{B} ({1}{U}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	197	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Master Warcraft	2R/WR/W	4	Instant	"Cast this spell only before attackers are declared.
You choose which creatures attack this turn.
You choose which creatures block this turn and how those creatures block."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	250	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Frazzle	3U	4	Instant	Counter target nonblue spell.	U	U	Guildpact	25	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Seize the Soul	2BB	4	Instant	"Destroy target nonwhite, nonblack creature. Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
Haunt (When this spell card is put into a graveyard after resolving, exile it haunting target creature.)
When the creature Seize the Soul haunts dies, destroy target nonwhite, nonblack creature. Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	B	B	Guildpact	61	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Parallectric Feedback	3R	4	Instant	Parallectric Feedback deals damage to target spell's controller equal to that spell's converted mana cost.	R	R	Guildpact	71	rare	Mitch Cotie		
Brace for Impact	4W	5	Instant	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target multicolored creature this turn. For each 1 damage prevented this way, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	W	W	Dissension	5	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Aethermage's Touch	2WU	4	Instant	"Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. It gains ""At the beginning of your end step, return this creature to its owner's hand."" Then put the rest of the cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order."	W	W	Dissension	101	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Azorius Ploy	1WWU	4	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage target creature would deal this turn.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn."	W	W	Dissension	106	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Swift Silence	2WUU	5	Instant	Counter all other spells. Draw a card for each spell countered this way.	W	W	Dissension	132	rare	Greg Staples		
Twinstrike	3BR	5	Instant	"Twinstrike deals 2 damage to each of two target creatures.
Hellbent ? Destroy those creatures instead if you have no cards in hand."	R	R	Dissension	134	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Vigean Intuition	3GU	5	Instant	"Choose a card type, then reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all cards of the chosen type revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. (Artifact, creature, enchantment, instant, land, planeswalker, sorcery, and tribal are card types.)"	U	U	Dissension	136	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Commandeer	5UU	7	Instant	"You may exile two blue cards from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Gain control of target noncreature spell. You may choose new targets for it. (If that spell is an artifact, enchantment, or planeswalker, the permanent enters the battlefield under your control.)"	U	U	Coldsnap	29	rare	John Matson		
Controvert	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Recover {2}{U}{U} (When a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {2}{U}{U}. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	U	U	Coldsnap	30	uncommon	Joel Thomas		
Soul Spike	5BB	7	Instant	"You may exile two black cards from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Soul Spike deals 4 damage to any target and you gain 4 life."	B	B	Coldsnap	70	rare	Wayne England		
Mystic Melting	3G	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	G	G	Coldsnap	114	uncommon	Chippy		
Vanish into Memory	2WU	4	Instant	"Exile target creature. You draw cards equal to that creature's power. At the beginning of your next upkeep, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. If you do, discard cards equal to that creature's toughness."	W	W	Coldsnap	133	uncommon	Rebekah Lynn		
Return to Dust	2WW	4	Instant	"Exile target artifact or enchantment. If you cast this spell during your main phase, you may exile up to one other target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Time Spiral	39	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Careful Consideration	2UU	4	Instant	"Target player draws four cards, then discards three cards. If you cast this spell during your main phase, instead that player draws four cards, then discards two cards."	U	U	Time Spiral	52	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Haunting Hymn	4BB	6	Instant	"Target player discards two cards. If you cast this spell during your main phase, that player discards four cards instead."	B	B	Time Spiral	112	uncommon	rk post		
Sulfurous Blast	2RR	4	Instant	"Sulfurous Blast deals 2 damage to each creature and each player. If you cast this spell during your main phase, Sulfurous Blast deals 3 damage to each creature and each player instead."	R	R	Time Spiral	180	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Word of Seizing	3RR	5	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Untap target permanent and gain control of it until end of turn. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	188	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Stonewood Invocation	3G	4	Instant	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Target creature gets +5/+5 and gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	223	rare	Pete Venters		
Dismal Failure	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller discards a card.	U	U	Planar Chaos	39	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Spellshift	3U	4	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell. Its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal an instant or sorcery card. That player may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then the player shuffles their library.	U	U	Planar Chaos	47	rare	Stephen Tappin		
Treacherous Urge	4B	5	Instant	Target opponent reveals their hand. You may put a creature card from it onto the battlefield under your control. That creature gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	B	B	Planar Chaos	82	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Intervention Pact	0	0	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, pay {1}{W}{W}. If you don't, you lose the game."	W	W	Future Sight	8	rare	Dave Kendall		
Pact of Negation	0	0	Instant	"Counter target spell.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, pay {3}{U}{U}. If you don't, you lose the game."	U	U	Future Sight	42	rare	Jason Chan		
Slaughter Pact	0	0	Instant	"Destroy target nonblack creature.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, pay {2}{B}. If you don't, you lose the game."	B	B	Future Sight	78	rare	Kev Walker		
Pact of the Titan	0	0	Instant	"Create a 4/4 red Giant creature token.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, pay {4}{R}. If you don't, you lose the game."	R	R	Future Sight	103	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Summoner's Pact	0	0	Instant	"Search your library for a green creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, pay {2}{G}{G}. If you don't, you lose the game."	G	G	Future Sight	139	rare	Chippy		
Cryptic Command	1UUU	4	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Counter target spell.
? Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
? Tap all creatures your opponents control.
? Draw a card."	U	U	Lorwyn	56	rare	Wayne England		
Scattering Stroke	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. Clash with an opponent. If you win, at the beginning of your next main phase, you may add an amount of {C} equal to that spell's converted mana cost. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	82	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Makeshift Mannequin	3B	4	Instant	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield with a mannequin counter on it. For as long as that creature has a mannequin counter on it, it has ""When this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."""	B	B	Lorwyn	124	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Wild Ricochet	2RR	4	Instant	You may choose new targets for target instant or sorcery spell. Then copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.	R	R	Lorwyn	196	rare	Dan Scott		
Swell of Courage	3WW	5	Instant	"Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.
Reinforce X?{X}{W}{W} ({X}{W}{W}, Discard this card: Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature.)"	W	W	Morningtide	26	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Counterbore	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that spell and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Shadowmoor	33	rare	Wayne England		
Flame Javelin	2/R2/R2/R	6	Instant	"({2/R} can be paid with any two mana or with {R}. This card's converted mana cost is 6.)
Flame Javelin deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Shadowmoor	92	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Dramatic Entrance	3GG	5	Instant	You may put a green creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.	G	G	Shadowmoor	111	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Mirrorweave	2W/UW/U	4	Instant	Each other creature becomes a copy of target nonlegendary creature until end of turn.	W	W	Shadowmoor	143	rare	Jim Pavelec		
Repel Intruders	3W/U	4	Instant	Create two 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature tokens if {W} was spent to cast Repel Intruders. Counter up to one target creature spell if {U} was spent to cast Repel Intruders. (Do both if {W}{U} was spent.)	W	W	Shadowmoor	147	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Thoughtweft Gambit	4W/UW/U	6	Instant	Tap all creatures your opponents control and untap all creatures you control.	W	W	Shadowmoor	154	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Memory Plunder	U/BU/BU/BU/B	4	Instant	You may cast target instant or sorcery card from an opponent's graveyard without paying its mana cost.	U	U	Shadowmoor	169	rare	Dan Scott		
Fracturing Gust	2G/WG/WG/W	5	Instant	Destroy all artifacts and enchantments. You gain 2 life for each permanent destroyed this way.	W	W	Shadowmoor	227	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Endure	3WW	5	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and permanents you control this turn.	W	W	Eventide	5	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Chaotic Backlash	4R	5	Instant	Chaotic Backlash deals damage to target player equal to twice the number of white and/or blue permanents they control.	R	R	Eventide	49	uncommon	Carl Frank		
Cankerous Thirst	3B/G	4	Instant	"If {B} was spent to cast Cankerous Thirst, you may have target creature get -3/-3 until end of turn. If {G} was spent to cast Cankerous Thirst, you may have target creature get +3/+3 until end of turn. (Do both if {B}{G} was spent.)"	G	G	Eventide	116	uncommon	Carl Frank		
Invert the Skies	3G/U	4	Instant	"Creatures your opponents control lose flying until end of turn if {G} was spent to cast Invert the Skies, and creatures you control gain flying until end of turn if {U} was spent to cast it. (Do both if {G}{U} was spent.)"	U	U	Eventide	155	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Gather Specimens	3UUU	6	Instant	"If a creature would enter the battlefield under an opponent's control this turn, it enters the battlefield under your control instead."	U	U	Shards of Alara	45	rare	Michael Bruinsma		
Ad Nauseam	3BB	5	Instant	Reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its converted mana cost. You may repeat this process any number of times.	B	B	Shards of Alara	63	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Punish Ignorance	WUUB	4	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	W	W	Shards of Alara	183	rare	Shelly Wan		
Bituminous Blast	3BR	5	Instant	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
Bituminous Blast deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Alara Reborn	34	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Summoner's Bane	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Create a 2/2 blue Illusion creature token.	U	U	Zendikar	71	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Consume the Meek	3BB	5	Instant	Destroy each creature with converted mana cost 3 or less. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	100	rare	Chippy		
Momentous Fall	2GG	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
You draw cards equal to the sacrificed creature's power, then you gain life equal to its toughness."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	197	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Carrion Call	3G	4	Instant	Create two 1/1 green Insect creature tokens with infect. (They deal damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	115	uncommon	Adrian Smith		
Into the Core	2RR	4	Instant	Exile two target artifacts.	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	67	uncommon	Whit Brachna		
Act of Aggression	3R/PR/P	5	Instant	"({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)
Gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	New Phyrexia	78	uncommon	Whit Brachna		
Fresh Meat	3G	4	Instant	Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token for each creature put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	G	G	New Phyrexia	109	rare	Dave Allsop		
Counterlash	4UU	6	Instant	Counter target spell. You may cast a nonland card in your hand that shares a card type with that spell without paying its mana cost.	U	U	Dark Ascension	33	rare	Austin Hsu		
Banishing Stroke	5W	6	Instant	"Put target artifact, creature, or enchantment on the bottom of its owner's library.
Miracle {W} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	W	W	Avacyn Restored	7	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Vanishment	4U	5	Instant	"Put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library.
Miracle {U} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	U	U	Avacyn Restored	82	uncommon	Daarken		
Aggravate	3RR	5	Instant	Aggravate deals 1 damage to each creature target player controls. Each creature dealt damage this way attacks this turn if able.	R	R	Avacyn Restored	125	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Psychic Spiral	4U	5	Instant	Shuffle all cards from your graveyard into your library. Target player puts that many cards from the top of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Return to Ravnica	47	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Fall of the Gavel	3WU	5	Instant	Counter target spell. You gain 5 life.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	161	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Firemind's Foresight	5UR	7	Instant	"Search your library for an instant card with converted mana cost 3, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then repeat this process for instant cards with converted mana costs 2 and 1. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	162	rare	Dan Scott		
Thoughtflare	3UR	5	Instant	"Draw four cards, then discard two cards."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	203	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Aetherize	3U	4	Instant	Return all attacking creatures to their owner's hand.	U	U	Gatecrash	29	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Homing Lightning	2RR	4	Instant	Homing Lightning deals 4 damage to target creature and each other creature with the same name as that creature.	R	R	Gatecrash	96	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Mystic Genesis	2GUU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell. Create an X/X green Ooze creature token, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Gatecrash	180	rare	Mike Bierek		
Advent of the Wurm	1GGW	4	Instant	Create a 5/5 green Wurm creature token with trample.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	51	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Plasm Capture	GGUU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. At the beginning of your next precombat main phase, add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	91	rare	Chase Stone		
Warleader's Helix	2RW	4	Instant	Warleader's Helix deals 4 damage to any target and you gain 4 life.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	116	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Cutthroat Maneuver	3B	4	Instant	Up to two target creatures each get +1/+1 and gain lifelink until end of turn.	B	B	Theros	82	uncommon	Brad Rigney		
Rescue from the Underworld	4B	5	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Choose target creature card in your graveyard. Return that card and the sacrificed card to the battlefield under your control at the beginning of your next upkeep. Exile Rescue from the Underworld."	B	B	Theros	102	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Artisan's Sorrow	3G	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	G	G	Theros	151	uncommon	Jung Park		
Steam Augury	2UR	4	Instant	Reveal the top five cards of your library and separate them into two piles. An opponent chooses one of those piles. Put that pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	U	U	Theros	205	rare	Dave Kendall		
Fated Retribution	4WWW	7	Instant	"Destroy all creatures and planeswalkers. If it's your turn, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	W	W	Born of the Gods	11	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Fated Return	4BBB	7	Instant	"Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. It gains indestructible. If it's your turn, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	B	B	Born of the Gods	69	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Fated Conflagration	1RRR	4	Instant	"Fated Conflagration deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If it's your turn, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	R	R	Born of the Gods	94	rare	Adam Paquette		
Lightning Volley	3R	4	Instant	"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Born of the Gods	101	uncommon	John Avon		
Fated Intervention	2GGG	5	Instant	"Create two 3/3 green Centaur enchantment creature tokens. If it's your turn, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	G	G	Born of the Gods	121	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Ritual of the Returned	3B	4	Instant	Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a black Zombie creature token. Its power is equal to that card's power and its toughness is equal to that card's toughness.	B	B	Journey into Nyx	80	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Silence the Believers	2BB	4	Instant	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{B} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Exile any number of target creatures and all Auras attached to them."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	82	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Irradiate	3B	4	Instant	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each artifact you control.	B	B	Mirrodin	67	common	Dave Dorman		
Burden of Greed	3B	4	Instant	Target player loses 1 life for each tapped artifact they control.	B	B	Darksteel	38	common	Vance Kovacs		
Abuna's Chant	3W	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? You gain 5 life.
? Prevent the next 5 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.
Entwine {2} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	W	W	Fifth Dawn	1	common	John Matson		
Into Thin Air	5U	6	Instant	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Return target artifact to its owner's hand."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	33	common	Ittoku		
Rain of Rust	3RR	5	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target land.
Entwine {3}{R} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	R	R	Fifth Dawn	76	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Minamo's Meddling	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. That spell's controller reveals their hand, then discards each card with the same name as a card spliced onto that spell."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	42	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Induce Paranoia	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. If {B} was spent to cast Induce Paranoia, that spell's controller puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	56	common	Jim Murray		
Dogpile	3R	4	Instant	Dogpile deals damage to any target equal to the number of attacking creatures you control.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	120	common	Jeff Miracola		
Dryad's Caress	4GG	6	Instant	"You gain 1 life for each creature on the battlefield. If {W} was spent to cast Dryad's Caress, untap all creatures you control."	G	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	160	common	Randy Gallegos		
Scatter the Seeds	3GG	5	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	181	common	Rob Alexander		
Gaze of the Gorgon	3B/G	4	Instant	"({B/G} can be paid with either {B} or {G}.)
Regenerate target creature. At this turn's next end of combat, destroy all creatures that blocked or were blocked by it this turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	246	common	Stephen Tappin		
Cackling Flames	3R	4	Instant	"Cackling Flames deals 3 damage to any target.
Hellbent ? Cackling Flames deals 5 damage to that permanent or player instead if you have no cards in hand."	R	R	Dissension	59	common	Shishizaru		
Wrecking Ball	2BR	4	Instant	Destroy target creature or land.	R	R	Dissension	139	common	Ron Spears		
Surging Aether	3U	4	Instant	"Ripple 4 (When you cast this spell, you may reveal the top four cards of your library. You may cast any revealed cards with the same name as this spell without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Coldsnap	47	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Chill to the Bone	3B	4	Instant	Destroy target nonsnow creature.	B	B	Coldsnap	52	common	Jim Murray		
Mystical Teachings	3U	4	Instant	"Search your library for an instant card or a card with flash, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Flashback {5}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	69	common	Ron Spears		
Dark Withering	4BB	6	Instant	"Destroy target nonblack creature.
Madness {B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	101	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Tendrils of Corruption	3B	4	Instant	"Tendrils of Corruption deals X damage to target creature and you gain X life, where X is the number of Swamps you control."	B	B	Time Spiral	136	common	Mike Dringenberg		
Traitor's Clutch	4B	5	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+0, becomes black, and gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Flashback {1}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	137	common	Dave Allsop		
Chameleon Blur	3G	4	Instant	Prevent all damage that creatures would deal to players this turn.	G	G	Time Spiral	192	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Neck Snap	3W	4	Instant	Destroy target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Lorwyn	32	common	Dominick Domingo		
Heal the Scars	3G	4	Instant	Regenerate target creature. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness.	G	G	Lorwyn	217	common	Carl Frank		
Put Away	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target spell. You may shuffle up to one target card from your graveyard into your library.	U	U	Shadowmoor	48	common	Matt Cavotta		
Gloomwidow's Feast	3G	4	Instant	"Destroy target creature with flying. If that creature was blue or black, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Shadowmoor	118	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Aethertow	3W/U	4	Instant	"Put target attacking or blocking creature on top of its owner's library.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	136	common	Warren Mahy		
Resounding Silence	3W	4	Instant	"Exile target attacking creature.
Cycling {5}{G}{W}{U} ({5}{G}{W}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Resounding Silence, exile up to two target attacking creatures."	W	W	Shards of Alara	22	common	Mark Zug		
Tortoise Formation	3U	4	Instant	Creatures you control gain shroud until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)	U	U	Shards of Alara	61	common	Mark Zug		
Skeletonize	4R	5	Instant	"Skeletonize deals 3 damage to target creature. When a creature dealt damage this way dies this turn, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token with ""{B}: Regenerate this creature."""	R	R	Shards of Alara	114	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Gleam of Resistance	4W	5	Instant	"Creatures you control get +1/+2 until end of turn. Untap those creatures.
Basic landcycling {1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Conflux	8	common	Matt Stewart		
Traumatic Visions	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Basic landcycling {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	U	U	Conflux	36	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Fiery Fall	5R	6	Instant	"Fiery Fall deals 5 damage to target creature.
Basic landcycling {1}{R} ({1}{R}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Conflux	63	common	Daarken		
Sylvan Bounty	5G	6	Instant	"Target player gains 8 life.
Basic landcycling {1}{G} ({1}{G}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	G	G	Conflux	94	common	Chris Rahn		
Offering to Asha	2WU	4	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {4}. You gain 4 life.	W	W	Alara Reborn	9	common	Daarken		
Breath of Malfegor	3BR	5	Instant	Breath of Malfegor deals 5 damage to each opponent.	R	R	Alara Reborn	35	common	Vance Kovacs		
Relic Crush	4G	5	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment and up to one other target artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Zendikar	179	common	Steven Belledin		
Join the Ranks	3W	4	Instant	Create two 1/1 white Soldier Ally creature tokens.	W	W	Worldwake	9	common	Kekai Kotaki		
Simic Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {U}.
{G}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Simic Cluestone: Draw a card."		G	Dragon's Maze	145	common	Raoul Vitale		
Lagonna-Band Elder	2W	3	Creature ? Centaur Advisor	"When Lagonna-Band Elder enters the battlefield, if you control an enchantment, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Theros	21	common	Min Yum		
Observant Alseid	2W	3	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Bestow {4}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Vigilance
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has vigilance."	W	W	Theros	24	common	Todd Lockwood		
Scholar of Athreos	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{2}{B}: Each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	W	W	Theros	28	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Wingsteed Rider	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Wingsteed Rider, put a +1/+1 counter on Wingsteed Rider."	W	W	Theros	36	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Crackling Triton	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{2}{R}, Sacrifice Crackling Triton: It deals 2 damage to any target."	U	U	Theros	45	common	Greg Staples		
Nimbus Naiad	2U	3	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Bestow {4}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Flying
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying."	U	U	Theros	56	common	David Palumbo		
Wavecrash Triton	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Wavecrash Triton, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Theros	74	common	Ryan Barger		
Blood-Toll Harpy	2B	3	Creature ? Harpy	"Flying
When Blood-Toll Harpy enters the battlefield, each player loses 1 life."	B	B	Theros	79	common	Kev Walker		
Felhide Minotaur	2B	3	Creature ? Minotaur		B	B	Theros	87	common	Kev Walker		
Minotaur Skullcleaver	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Berserker	"Haste
When Minotaur Skullcleaver enters the battlefield, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Theros	130	common	Phill Simmer		
Spearpoint Oread	2R	3	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Bestow {5}{R} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
First strike
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has first strike."	R	R	Theros	141	common	Todd Lockwood		
Two-Headed Cerberus	1RR	3	Creature ? Hound	Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	R	R	Theros	146	common	Karl Kopinski		
Agent of Horizons	2G	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	{2}{U}: Agent of Horizons can't be blocked this turn.	G	U	Theros	148	common	Clint Cearley		
Fade into Antiquity	2G	3	Sorcery	Exile target artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Theros	157	common	Noah Bradley		
Feral Invocation	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	G	G	Theros	158	common	Mathias Kollros		
Time to Feed	2G	3	Sorcery	"Choose target creature an opponent controls. When that creature dies this turn, you gain 3 life. Target creature you control fights that creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	G	G	Theros	181	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Opaline Unicorn	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Unicorn	{T}: Add one mana of any color.			Theros	218	common	Christine Choi		
Nyxborn Triton	2U	3	Enchantment Creature ? Merfolk	"Bestow {4}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +2/+3."	U	U	Born of the Gods	46	common	Clint Cearley		
Asphyxiate	1BB	3	Sorcery	Destroy target untapped creature.	B	B	Born of the Gods	60	common	Kev Walker		
Grisly Transformation	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Grisly Transformation enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has intimidate. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Born of the Gods	74	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Servant of Tymaret	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Inspired ? Whenever Servant of Tymaret becomes untapped, each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.
{2}{B}: Regenerate Servant of Tymaret."	B	B	Born of the Gods	82	common	Karl Kopinski		
Bolt of Keranos	1RR	3	Sorcery	Bolt of Keranos deals 3 damage to any target. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Born of the Gods	89	common	Karl Kopinski		
Fearsome Temper	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""{2}{R}: Target creature can't block this creature this turn."""	R	R	Born of the Gods	95	common	Seb McKinnon		
Kragma Butcher	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Inspired ? Whenever Kragma Butcher becomes untapped, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Born of the Gods	100	common	Daarken		
Culling Mark	2G	3	Sorcery	Target creature blocks this turn if able.	G	G	Born of the Gods	120	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Nyxborn Wolf	2G	3	Enchantment Creature ? Wolf	"Bestow {4}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +3/+1."	G	G	Born of the Gods	131	common	Lucas Graciano		
Setessan Oathsworn	1GG	3	Creature ? Satyr Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Setessan Oathsworn, put two +1/+1 counters on Setessan Oathsworn."	G	G	Born of the Gods	138	common	Scott Murphy		
Armament of Nyx	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has double strike as long as it's an enchantment. Otherwise, prevent all damage that would be dealt by enchanted creature. (A creature with double strike deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	4	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Harvestguard Alseids	2W	3	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Constellation ? Whenever Harvestguard Alseids or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, prevent all damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	13	common	Igor Kieryluk		
War-Wing Siren	2U	3	Creature ? Siren Soldier	"Flying
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets War-Wing Siren, put a +1/+1 counter on War-Wing Siren."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	57	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Aspect of Gorgon	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3 and has deathtouch. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Journey into Nyx	60	common	Willian Murai		
Grim Guardian	2B	3	Enchantment Creature ? Zombie	"Constellation ? Whenever Grim Guardian or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	73	common	Ryan Barger		
Nyx Infusion	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as it's an enchantment. Otherwise, it gets -2/-2."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	77	common	Jason A. Engle		
Pensive Minotaur	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior		R	R	Journey into Nyx	105	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Oakheart Dryads	2G	3	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph Dryad	"Constellation ? Whenever Oakheart Dryads or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	133	common	Johann Bodin		
Nim Lasher	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Nim Lasher gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.	B	B	Mirrodin	71	common	Adam Rex		
Molten Rain	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target land. If that land was nonbasic, Molten Rain deals 2 damage to the land's controller."	R	R	Mirrodin	101	common	Hugh Jamieson		
Soldier Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	"{1}{W}, Sacrifice Soldier Replica: It deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."		W	Mirrodin	244	common	Carl Critchlow		
Chittering Rats	1BB	3	Creature ? Rat	"When Chittering Rats enters the battlefield, target opponent puts a card from their hand on top of their library."	B	B	Darksteel	39	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Darksteel Ingot	3	3	Artifact	"Indestructible
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Darksteel	112	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Myr Landshaper	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Target land becomes an artifact in addition to its other types until end of turn.			Darksteel	131	common	Greg Staples		
Goblin Brawler	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"First strike
Goblin Brawler can't be equipped."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	66	common	Heather Hudson		
Kabuto Moth	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{T}: Target creature gets +1/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	20	common	Tomas Giorello		
Kitsune Riftwalker	1WW	3	Creature ? Fox Wizard	Protection from Spirits and from Arcane	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	29	common	Pete Venters		
Callous Deceiver	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{1}: Look at the top card of your library.
{2}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, Callous Deceiver gets +1/+0 and gains flying until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	53	common	Kensuke Okabayashi		
Field of Reality	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by Spirits.
{1}{U}: Return Field of Reality to its owner's hand."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	60	common	Christopher Rush		
River Kaijin	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit		U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	83	common	Luca Zontini		
Kami of the Waning Moon	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target creature gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	120	common	Matt Thompson		
Villainous Ogre	2B	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Villainous Ogre can't block.
As long as you control a Demon, Villainous Ogre has ""{B}: Regenerate Villainous Ogre."""	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	148	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Brutal Deceiver	2R	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{1}: Look at the top card of your library.
{2}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, Brutal Deceiver gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	161	common	Jon Foster		
Kodama's Reach	2G	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	225	common	Heather Hudson		
Serpent Skin	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
{G}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	240	common	Rob Alexander		
Mistblade Shinobi	2U	3	Creature ? Human Ninja	"Ninjutsu {U} ({U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Mistblade Shinobi deals combat damage to a player, you may return target creature that player controls to its owner's hand."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	43	common	Kev Walker		
Gnarled Mass	1GG	3	Creature ? Spirit		G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	127	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Shinen of Stars' Light	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"First strike
Channel ? {1}{W}, Discard Shinen of Stars' Light: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	28	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Freed from the Real	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{U}: Tap enchanted creature.
{U}: Untap enchanted creature."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	38	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Barrel Down Sokenzan	2R	3	Instant ? Arcane	Sweep ? Return any number of Mountains you control to their owner's hand. Barrel Down Sokenzan deals damage to target creature equal to twice the number of Mountains returned this way.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	94	common	Greg Staples		
Shinen of Fury's Fire	2R	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
Channel ? {R}, Discard Shinen of Fury's Fire: Target creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	112	common	Dan Frazier		
Stinkweed Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Whenever Stinkweed Imp deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature.
Dredge 5 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly five cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	107	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Golgari Brownscale	1GG	3	Creature ? Lizard	"When Golgari Brownscale is put into your hand from your graveyard, you gain 2 life.
Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	166	common	Carl Critchlow		
Survivor of the Unseen	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{T}: Draw two cards, then put a card from your hand on top of your library."	U	U	Coldsnap	48	common	Alan Pollack		
Rift Bolt	2R	3	Sorcery	"Rift Bolt deals 3 damage to any target.
Suspend 1?{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {R} and exile it with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	176	common	Michael Sutfin		
Search for Tomorrow	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.
Suspend 2?{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {G} and exile it with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	216	common	Randy Gallegos		
Simian Spirit Guide	2R	3	Creature ? Ape Spirit	Exile Simian Spirit Guide from your hand: Add {R}.	R	R	Planar Chaos	122	common	Dave DeVries		
Leaden Fists	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Future Sight	38	common	Shishizaru		
Putrid Cyclops	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Cyclops	"When Putrid Cyclops enters the battlefield, scry 1, then reveal the top card of your library. Putrid Cyclops gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is that card's converted mana cost. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	B	B	Future Sight	75	common	Matt Cavotta		
Petrified Plating	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Suspend 2?{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {G} and exile it with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	G	G	Future Sight	133	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Pestermite	2U	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flash
Flying
When Pestermite enters the battlefield, you may tap or untap target permanent."	U	U	Lorwyn	78	common	Christopher Moeller		
Black Poplar Shaman	2B	3	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	{2}{B}: Regenerate target Treefolk.	B	B	Lorwyn	99	common	Mark Poole		
Faerie Macabre	1BB	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Discard Faerie Macabre: Exile up to two target cards from graveyards."	B	B	Shadowmoor	66	common	rk post		
Boggart Arsonists	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Plainswalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Plains.)
{2}{R}, Sacrifice Boggart Arsonists: Destroy target Scarecrow or Plains."	R	R	Shadowmoor	85	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Farhaven Elf	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Farhaven Elf enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Shadowmoor	113	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Tilling Treefolk	2G	3	Creature ? Treefolk Druid	"When Tilling Treefolk enters the battlefield, you may return up to two target land cards from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Eventide	78	common	rk post		
Hoof Skulkin	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	{3}: Target green creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.			Eventide	169	common	Joshua Hagler		
Fieldmist Borderpost	1WU	3	Artifact	"You may pay {1} and return a basic land you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Fieldmist Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."	W	W	Alara Reborn	5	common	Michael Bruinsma		
Veinfire Borderpost	1BR	3	Artifact	"You may pay {1} and return a basic land you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Veinfire Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."	R	R	Alara Reborn	48	common	Ralph Horsley		
Makindi Shieldmate	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Soldier Ally	"Defender
Whenever Makindi Shieldmate or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Makindi Shieldmate."	W	W	Zendikar	26	common	Howard Lyon		
Claws of Valakut	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 for each Mountain you control and has first strike."	R	R	Worldwake	75	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Reinforced Bulwark	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to you this turn."			Rise of the Eldrazi	223	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Loxodon Wayfarer	2W	3	Creature ? Elephant Monk		W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	15	common	Steven Belledin		
Pristine Talisman	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {C}. You gain 1 life.			New Phyrexia	151	common	Matt Cavotta		
Stormbound Geist	1UU	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Stormbound Geist can block only creatures with flying.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	51	common	Dan Scott		
Moonlight Geist	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{3}{W}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Moonlight Geist this turn."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	29	common	Dan Scott		
Sunspire Griffin	1WW	3	Creature ? Griffin	Flying	W	W	Return to Ravnica	25	common	Johannes Voss		
Nivix Cyclops	1UR	3	Creature ? Cyclops	"Defender
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Nivix Cyclops gets +3/+0 until end of turn and can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	87	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Elite Skirmisher	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Elite Skirmisher, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Born of the Gods	8	common	Mark Winters		
Kruphix's Insight	2G	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top six cards of your library. Put up to three enchantment cards from among them into your hand and the rest of the revealed cards into your graveyard.	G	G	Journey into Nyx	129	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Yotian Soldier	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	Vigilance			Mirrodin	277	common	Luca Zontini		
Stone Rain	2R	3	Sorcery	Destroy target land.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	191	common	Greg Staples		
Goblin Spelunkers	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	128	common	Glenn Fabry		
Seal of Doom	2B	3	Enchantment	Sacrifice Seal of Doom: Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.	B	B	Dissension	53	common	Ralph Horsley		
Frozen Solid	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
When enchanted creature is dealt damage, destroy it."	U	U	Coldsnap	35	common	Ralph Horsley		
Oblivion Ring	2W	3	Enchantment	"When Oblivion Ring enters the battlefield, exile another target nonland permanent.
When Oblivion Ring leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Shards of Alara	20	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Kor Sanctifiers	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Cleric	"Kicker {W} (You may pay an additional {W} as you cast this spell.)
When Kor Sanctifiers enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Zendikar	22	common	Dan Scott		
Battle Rampart	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	135	common	Steve Prescott		
Phyrexian Rager	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"When Phyrexian Rager enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	51	common	Stephan Martiniere		
Borderland Ranger	2G	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Borderland Ranger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	169	common	Zoltan Boros		
Paralyzing Grasp	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	46	common	Scott Chou		
Tower Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{W}: Tower Drake gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	U	W	Return to Ravnica	55	common	Ryan Barger		
Ember Beast	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	Ember Beast can't attack or block alone.	R	R	Gatecrash	89	common	David Rapoza		
Nessian Courser	2G	3	Creature ? Centaur Warrior		G	G	Theros	165	common	Steve Prescott		
Reckless Scholar	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Target player draws a card, then discards a card."	U	U	Zendikar	60	common	Steve Prescott		
Goblin Roughrider	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Knight		R	R	Worldwake	82	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Pilgrim's Eye	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
When Pilgrim's Eye enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Worldwake	128	common	Dan Scott		
Claustrophobia	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Claustrophobia enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Innistrad	48	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Orchard Spirit	2G	3	Creature ? Spirit	Orchard Spirit can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.	G	G	Innistrad	198	common	Howard Lyon		
Midnight Guard	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, untap Midnight Guard."	W	W	Dark Ascension	14	common	Jason A. Engle		
Scrapskin Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Drake	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Scrapskin Drake can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	73	common	Kev Walker		
Stealer of Secrets	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Stealer of Secrets deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	53	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Stab Wound	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-2.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player loses 2 life."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	78	common	Scott Chou		
Verdant Haven	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Verdant Haven enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of any color."	G	G	Gatecrash	138	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Wind Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	Flying	U	U	Dragon's Maze	20	common	John Severin Brassell		
Read the Bones	2B	3	Sorcery	"Scry 2, then draw two cards. You lose 2 life. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	B	B	Theros	101	common	Lars Grant-West		
Guardians of Meletis	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Defender (This creature can't attack.)			Theros	217	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Eagle of the Watch	2W	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	9	common	Scott Murphy		
Skyhunter Patrol	2WW	4	Creature ? Cat Knight	"Flying, first strike (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach, and it deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Mirrodin	22	common	Matt Cavotta		
Sphere of Purity	3W	4	Enchantment	"If an artifact would deal damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage."	W	W	Mirrodin	26	common	Thomas Gianni		
Nim Shrieker	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Flying
Nim Shrieker gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control."	B	B	Mirrodin	73	common	Adam Rex		
Vulshok Berserker	3R	4	Creature ? Human Berserker	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Mirrodin	111	common	Pete Venters		
Clockwork Condor	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Clockwork Condor enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Clockwork Condor attacks or blocks, remove a +1/+1 counter from it at end of combat."			Mirrodin	154	common	Arnie Swekel		
Cobalt Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{1}{U}: Cobalt Golem gains flying until end of turn.		U	Mirrodin	157	common	Paolo Parente		
Dross Scorpion	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Scorpion	"Whenever Dross Scorpion or another artifact creature dies, you may untap target artifact."			Mirrodin	164	common	Jim Nelson		
Frogmite	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Frog	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)			Mirrodin	172	common	Terese Nielsen		
Goblin War Wagon	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Goblin War Wagon doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {2}. If you do, untap Goblin War Wagon."			Mirrodin	179	common	Doug Chaffee		
Hematite Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{1}{R}: Hematite Golem gets +2/+0 until end of turn.		R	Mirrodin	185	common	Paolo Parente		
Scavenging Scarab	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	Scavenging Scarab can't block.	B	B	Darksteel	51	common	Jeff Easley		
Reap and Sow	3G	4	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target land.
? Search your library for a land card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.
Entwine {1}{G} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	G	G	Darksteel	81	common	Rob Alexander		
Tel-Jilad Outrider	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Protection from artifacts	G	G	Darksteel	87	common	Paolo Parente		
Arcane Spyglass	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice a land: Draw a card and put a charge counter on Arcane Spyglass.
Remove three charge counters from Arcane Spyglass: Draw a card."			Darksteel	93	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Arcbound Hybrid	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"Haste
Modular 2 (This enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	97	common	Alan Pollack		
Drill-Skimmer	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
Drill-Skimmer has shroud as long as you control another artifact creature. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"			Darksteel	118	common	Mark Zug		
Ur-Golem's Eye	4	4	Artifact	{T}: Add {C}{C}.			Darksteel	155	common	Heather Hudson		
Loxodon Anchorite	2WW	4	Creature ? Elephant Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	10	common	Jim Nelson		
Advanced Hoverguard	3U	4	Creature ? Drone	"Flying
{U}: Advanced Hoverguard gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Fifth Dawn	22	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Cackling Imp	2BB	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{T}: Target player loses 1 life."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	44	common	Matt Thompson		
Dawn's Reflection	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional two mana in any combination of colors."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	85	common	John Avon		
Viridian Scout	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior Scout	"{2}{G}, Sacrifice Viridian Scout: It deals 2 damage to target creature with flying."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	100	common	Daren Bader		
Myr Quadropod	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{3}: Switch Myr Quadropod's power and toughness until end of turn.			Fifth Dawn	138	common	Christopher Rush		
Opaline Bracers	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Equipped creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of charge counters on Opaline Bracers.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Fifth Dawn	141	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Kitsune Healer	3W	4	Creature ? Fox Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target legendary creature this turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	27	common	Michael Sutfin		
Mothrider Samurai	3W	4	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Flying
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	34	common	Mark Zug		
Terashi's Cry	3W	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	Tap up to three target creatures.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	47	common	Jim Murray		
Mystic Restraints	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
When Mystic Restraints enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	76	common	Christopher Rush		
Cursed Ronin	3B	4	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{B}: Cursed Ronin gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	107	common	Carl Critchlow		
Devouring Greed	2BB	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of Spirits.
Target player loses 2 life plus 2 life for each Spirit sacrificed this way. You gain that much life."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	110	common	Vance Kovacs		
Frostwielder	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"If a creature dealt damage by Frostwielder this turn would die, exile it instead.
{T}: Frostwielder deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	167	common	Christopher Moeller		
Uncontrollable Anger	2RR	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	195	common	Matt Thompson		
Joyous Respite	3G	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	You gain 1 life for each land you control.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	216	common	Rebecca Guay		
Order of the Sacred Bell	3G	4	Creature ? Human Monk		G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	232	common	Carl Critchlow		
Moonlit Strider	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Sacrifice Moonlit Strider: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Soulshift 3 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	16	common	John Avon		
Takeno's Cavalry	3W	4	Creature ? Human Samurai Archer	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{T}: Takeno's Cavalry deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking Spirit."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	24	common	Darrell Riche		
Shimmering Glasskite	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Shimmering Glasskite becomes the target of a spell or ability for the first time each turn, counter that spell or ability."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	51	common	John Avon		
Ire of Kaminari	3R	4	Instant ? Arcane	Ire of Kaminari deals damage to any target equal to the number of Arcane cards in your graveyard.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	109	common	Kev Walker		
Torrent of Stone	3R	4	Instant ? Arcane	"Torrent of Stone deals 4 damage to target creature.
Splice onto Arcane?Sacrifice two Mountains. (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	119	common	Greg Staples		
Sakura-Tribe Springcaller	3G	4	Creature ? Snake Shaman	"At the beginning of your upkeep, add {G}. Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	142	common	Pete Venters		
Uproot	3G	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	Put target land on top of its owner's library.	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	149	common	Heather Hudson		
Descendant of Soramaro	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{U}: Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of cards in your hand, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	33	common	Brian Despain		
Kagemaro's Clutch	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	74	common	Pat Lee		
Sink into Takenuma	3B	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	Sweep ? Return any number of Swamps you control to their owner's hand. Target player discards a card for each Swamp returned this way.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	89	common	Pat Lee		
Inner Fire	3R	4	Sorcery	Add {R} for each card in your hand.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	105	common	Christopher Moeller		
Spiraling Embers	3R	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	Spiraling Embers deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards in your hand.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	116	common	Chippy		
Matsu-Tribe Birdstalker	2GG	4	Creature ? Snake Warrior Archer	"Whenever Matsu-Tribe Birdstalker deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
{G}: Matsu-Tribe Birdstalker gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	137	common	Heather Hudson		
Conclave's Blessing	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 for each other creature you control."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	11	common	Shishizaru		
Faith's Fetters	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
When Faith's Fetters enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life.
Enchanted permanent can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated unless they're mana abilities."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	16	common	Chippy		
Screeching Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{R}: Target creature can't block Screeching Griffin this turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	29	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Flight of Fancy	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Flight of Fancy enters the battlefield, draw two cards.
Enchanted creature has flying."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	49	common	Glen Angus		
Vedalken Entrancer	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	74	common	Dan Scott		
Dimir House Guard	3B	4	Creature ? Skeleton	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Dimir House Guard.
Transmute {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	83	common	John Zeleznik		
Mortipede	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	{2}{G}: All creatures able to block Mortipede this turn do so.	B	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	96	common	Dave Dorman		
Necromantic Thirst	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	97	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Strands of Undeath	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Strands of Undeath enters the battlefield, target player discards two cards.
{B}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	108	common	Dave Allsop		
Goblin Fire Fiend	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Haste
Goblin Fire Fiend must be blocked if able.
{R}: Goblin Fire Fiend gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	127	common	Paolo Parente		
Ordruun Commando	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Soldier	{W}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Ordruun Commando this turn.	R	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	137	common	Stephen Tappin		
Seismic Spike	2RR	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Add {R}{R}.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	141	common	John Avon		
Viashino Fangtail	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	{T}: Viashino Fangtail deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	148	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Greater Mossdog	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Hound	"Dredge 3 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly three cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	169	common	Chippy		
Stone-Seeder Hierophant	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, untap Stone-Seeder Hierophant.
{T}: Untap target land."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	184	common	William Simpson		
Woodwraith Strangler	2BG	4	Creature ? Plant Zombie	Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Regenerate Woodwraith Strangler.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	241	common	Pat Lee		
Absolver Thrull	3W	4	Creature ? Thrull Cleric	"Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Absolver Thrull enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Guildpact	1	common	Rob Alexander		
Steamcore Weird	3U	4	Creature ? Weird	"When Steamcore Weird enters the battlefield, if {R} was spent to cast Steamcore Weird, it deals 2 damage to any target."	U	U	Guildpact	35	common	Justin Norman		
Torch Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{1}{R}: Torch Drake gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Guildpact	38	common	Daren Bader		
Ostiary Thrull	3B	4	Creature ? Thrull	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	B	W	Guildpact	55	common	Ron Spencer		
Gruul Scrapper	3G	4	Creature ? Human Berserker	"When Gruul Scrapper enters the battlefield, if {R} was spent to cast Gruul Scrapper, it gains haste until end of turn."	G	R	Guildpact	89	common	Liam Sharp		
Blind Hunter	2WB	4	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Blind Hunter enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	W	W	Guildpact	102	common	Warren Mahy		
Petrahydrox	3U/R	4	Creature ? Weird	"({U/R} can be paid with either {U} or {R}.)
When Petrahydrox becomes the target of a spell or ability, return Petrahydrox to its owner's hand."	U	U	Guildpact	148	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Aurora Eidolon	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{W}, Sacrifice Aurora Eidolon: Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, you may return Aurora Eidolon from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Dissension	1	common	Justin Sweet		
Ocular Halo	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Draw a card.""
{W}: Enchanted creature gains vigilance until end of turn."	U	W	Dissension	28	common	Ralph Horsley		
Demon's Jester	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Hellbent ? Demon's Jester gets +2/+1 as long as you have no cards in hand."	B	B	Dissension	42	common	Pete Venters		
Entropic Eidolon	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{B}, Sacrifice Entropic Eidolon: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, you may return Entropic Eidolon from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Dissension	45	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Sandstorm Eidolon	3R	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{R}, Sacrifice Sandstorm Eidolon: Target creature can't block this turn.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, you may return Sandstorm Eidolon from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Dissension	70	common	Brian Hagan		
Simic Ragworm	3G	4	Creature ? Worm	{U}: Untap Simic Ragworm.	G	U	Dissension	93	common	Nick Percival		
Sporeback Troll	3G	4	Creature ? Troll Mutant	"Graft 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Dissension	94	common	Dan Scott		
Verdant Eidolon	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{G}, Sacrifice Verdant Eidolon: Add three mana of any one color.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, you may return Verdant Eidolon from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Dissension	100	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Assault Zeppelid	2GU	4	Creature ? Beast	"Flying, trample"	U	U	Dissension	103	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Zombie Musher	3B	4	Snow Creature ? Zombie	"Snow landwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a snow land.)
{S}: Regenerate Zombie Musher. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	75	common	Kev Walker		
Icefall	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or land.
Recover {R}{R} (When a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {R}{R}. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	R	R	Coldsnap	85	common	Warren Mahy		
Ohran Yeti	3R	4	Snow Creature ? Yeti	{2}{S}: Target snow creature gains first strike until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)	R	R	Coldsnap	93	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Simian Brawler	3G	4	Creature ? Ape Warrior	Discard a land card: Simian Brawler gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Coldsnap	122	common	Warren Mahy		
Watcher Sliver	3W	4	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +0/+2.	W	W	Time Spiral	45	common	Liz Danforth		
Crookclaw Transmuter	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
When Crookclaw Transmuter enters the battlefield, switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn."	U	U	Time Spiral	55	common	Ron Spencer		
Tolarian Sentinel	3U	4	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"Flying
{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Return target permanent you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Time Spiral	87	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Drudge Reavers	3B	4	Creature ? Skeleton	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
{B}: Regenerate Drudge Reavers."	B	B	Time Spiral	105	common	Greg Staples		
Mana Skimmer	3B	4	Creature ? Leech	"Flying
Whenever Mana Skimmer deals damage to a player, tap target land that player controls. That land doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	B	B	Time Spiral	117	common	Daniel Gelon		
Bonesplitter Sliver	3R	4	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +2/+0.	R	R	Time Spiral	149	common	Dany Orizio		
Coal Stoker	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"When Coal Stoker enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, add {R}{R}{R}."	R	R	Time Spiral	150	common	Mark Zug		
Flamecore Elemental	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Echo {2}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	154	common	Dave Dorman		
Subterranean Shambler	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Echo {3}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Subterranean Shambler enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Time Spiral	178	common	Kev Walker		
Herd Gnarr	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Herd Gnarr gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Time Spiral	200	common	Daren Bader		
Penumbra Spider	2GG	4	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
When Penumbra Spider dies, create a 2/4 black Spider creature token with reach."	G	G	Time Spiral	210	common	Jeff Easley		
Scarwood Treefolk	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk	Scarwood Treefolk enters the battlefield tapped.	G	G	Time Spiral	214	common	Stuart Griffin		
Pallid Mycoderm	3W	4	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Pallid Mycoderm.
Remove three spore counters from Pallid Mycoderm: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Each creature you control that's a Fungus or a Saproling gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Planar Chaos	10	common	Jim Nelson		
Shade of Trokair	3W	4	Creature ? Shade	"{W}: Shade of Trokair gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Suspend 3?{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {W} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	W	W	Planar Chaos	18	common	William O'Connor		
Aquamorph Entity	2UU	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As Aquamorph Entity enters the battlefield or is turned face up, it becomes your choice of 5/1 or 1/5.
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Planar Chaos	33	common	Brian Despain		
Needlepeak Spider	3R	4	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	R	R	Planar Chaos	105	common	Dany Orizio		
Reflex Sliver	3G	4	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have haste.	G	G	Planar Chaos	138	common	Luca Zontini		
Knight of Sursi	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying; flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Suspend 3?{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {W} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	W	W	Future Sight	10	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Saltskitter	3W	4	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, exile Saltskitter. Return Saltskitter to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Future Sight	14	common	Chippy		
Aven Augur	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Sacrifice Aven Augur: Return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	U	U	Future Sight	32	common	Dan Scott		
Foresee	3U	4	Sorcery	"Scry 4, then draw two cards. (To scry 4, look at the top four cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Future Sight	36	common	Ron Spears		
Unblinking Bleb	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
Whenever Unblinking Bleb or another permanent is turned face up, you may scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Future Sight	45	common	Shishizaru		
Cutthroat il-Dal	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	Hellbent ? Cutthroat il-Dal has shadow as long as you have no cards in hand. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	B	B	Future Sight	64	common	Vance Kovacs		
Kavu Primarch	3G	4	Creature ? Kavu	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
If Kavu Primarch was kicked, it enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Future Sight	128	common	Kev Walker		
Dawnfluke	3W	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash
When Dawnfluke enters the battlefield, prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Evoke {W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	12	common	Mark Zug		
Hillcomber Giant	2WW	4	Creature ? Giant Scout	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	W	W	Lorwyn	20	common	Ralph Horsley		
Kinsbaile Balloonist	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Flying
Whenever Kinsbaile Balloonist attacks, you may have target creature gain flying until end of turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	23	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Oaken Brawler	3W	4	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"When Oaken Brawler enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Oaken Brawler. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	33	common	Jim Murray		
Protective Bubble	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	80	common	Steve Ellis		
Dreamspoiler Witches	3B	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent's turn, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	108	common	Jeff Easley		
Hornet Harasser	2BB	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Hornet Harasser dies, target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	118	common	Nils Hamm		
Moonglove Winnower	3B	4	Creature ? Elf Rogue	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Lorwyn	126	common	William O'Connor		
Quill-Slinger Boggart	3B	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever a player casts a Kithkin spell, you may have target player lose 1 life."	B	B	Lorwyn	137	common	Warren Mahy		
Caterwauling Boggart	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	Goblins you control and Elementals you control have menace. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Lorwyn	157	common	Steven Belledin		
Giant's Ire	3R	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Giant	"Giant's Ire deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker. If you control a Giant, draw a card."	R	R	Lorwyn	170	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Lowland Oaf	3R	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior	{T}: Target Goblin creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains flying until end of turn. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Lorwyn	184	common	Jeff Easley		
Bog-Strider Ash	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Whenever a player casts a Goblin spell, you may pay {G}. If you do, you gain 2 life."	G	G	Lorwyn	198	common	Steven Belledin		
Cloudcrown Oak	2GG	4	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Lorwyn	201	common	Rebecca Guay		
Changeling Sentinel	3W	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Vigilance"	W	W	Morningtide	6	common	Chuck Lukacs		
Fencer Clique	2UU	4	Creature ? Faerie Soldier	"Flying
{U}: Put Fencer Clique on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Morningtide	33	common	William O'Connor		
Latchkey Faerie	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Prowl {2}{U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Faerie or Rogue.)
When Latchkey Faerie enters the battlefield, if its prowl cost was paid, draw a card."	U	U	Morningtide	39	common	Warren Mahy		
Final-Sting Faerie	3B	4	Creature ? Faerie Assassin	"Flying
When Final-Sting Faerie enters the battlefield, destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn."	B	B	Morningtide	63	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Morsel Theft	2BB	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Rogue	"Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.)
Target player loses 3 life and you gain 3 life. If Morsel Theft's prowl cost was paid, draw a card."	B	B	Morningtide	68	common	Darrell Riche		
Squeaking Pie Grubfellows	3B	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Squeaking Pie Grubfellows, you may reveal it. If you do, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Morningtide	78	common	Jim Pavelec		
Roar of the Crowd	3R	4	Sorcery	Choose a creature type. Roar of the Crowd deals damage to any target equal to the number of permanents you control of the chosen type.	R	R	Morningtide	100	common	Dave Dorman		
Stingmoggie	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Stingmoggie enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{3}{R}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Stingmoggie: Destroy target artifact or land."	R	R	Morningtide	106	common	Omar Rayyan		
War-Spike Changeling	3R	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{R}: War-Spike Changeling gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Morningtide	112	common	Mark Poole		
Ambassador Oak	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"When Ambassador Oak enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	G	G	Morningtide	113	common	Steve Prescott		
Rune-Cervin Rider	3W	4	Creature ? Elf Knight	"Flying
{G/W}{G/W}: Rune-Cervin Rider gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Shadowmoor	20	common	Dan Scott		
Kinscaer Harpoonist	3U	4	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Flying
Whenever Kinscaer Harpoonist attacks, you may have target creature lose flying until end of turn."	U	U	Shadowmoor	41	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Loch Korrigan	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	{U/B}: Loch Korrigan gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	U	Shadowmoor	71	common	Daarken		
Splitting Headache	3B	4	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Target player discards two cards.
? Target player reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card."	B	B	Shadowmoor	79	common	Thomas Denmark		
Burn Trail	3R	4	Sorcery	"Burn Trail deals 3 damage to any target.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	86	common	Nils Hamm		
Ember Gale	3R	4	Sorcery	Creatures target player controls can't block this turn. Ember Gale deals 1 damage to each white and/or blue creature that player controls.	R	R	Shadowmoor	91	common	Steve Prescott		
Wildslayer Elves	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)	G	G	Shadowmoor	133	common	Dave Kendall		
Barrenton Cragtreads	2W/UW/U	4	Creature ? Kithkin Scout	Barrenton Cragtreads can't be blocked by red creatures.	W	W	Shadowmoor	138	common	Daren Bader		
Helm of the Ghastlord	3U/B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is blue, it gets +1/+1 and has ""Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, draw a card.""
As long as enchanted creature is black, it gets +1/+1 and has ""Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, that player discards a card."""	U	U	Shadowmoor	166	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Wanderbrine Rootcutters	2U/BU/B	4	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	Wanderbrine Rootcutters can't be blocked by green creatures.	U	U	Shadowmoor	178	common	Chippy		
Poison the Well	2B/RB/R	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Poison the Well deals 2 damage to that land's controller.	R	R	Shadowmoor	193	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Sootwalkers	2B/RB/R	4	Creature ? Elemental Rogue	Sootwalkers can't be blocked by white creatures.	R	R	Shadowmoor	196	common	Nils Hamm		
Mudbrawler Raiders	2R/GR/G	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Mudbrawler Raiders can't be blocked by blue creatures.	R	R	Shadowmoor	213	common	Ron Spencer		
Raven's Run Dragoon	2G/WG/W	4	Creature ? Elf Knight	Raven's Run Dragoon can't be blocked by black creatures.	W	W	Shadowmoor	235	common	Daren Bader		
Safehold Duo	3G/W	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior Shaman	"Whenever you cast a green spell, Safehold Duo gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a white spell, Safehold Duo gains vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Shadowmoor	238	common	Izzy		
Scrapbasket	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	{1}: Scrapbasket becomes all colors until end of turn.			Shadowmoor	262	common	Heather Hudson		
Watchwing Scarecrow	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Watchwing Scarecrow has vigilance as long as you control a white creature.
Watchwing Scarecrow has flying as long as you control a blue creature."			Shadowmoor	268	common	Chuck Lukacs		
Ballynock Trapper	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"{T}: Tap target creature.
Whenever you cast a white spell, you may untap Ballynock Trapper."	W	W	Eventide	2	common	Randy Gallegos		
Cenn's Enlistment	3W	4	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature tokens.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	W	W	Eventide	3	common	Matt Cavotta		
Merrow Levitator	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a blue spell, you may untap Merrow Levitator."	U	U	Eventide	26	common	Jim Pavelec		
Wilderness Hypnotist	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{T}: Target red or green creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	U	U	Eventide	32	common	Rebecca Guay		
Smoldering Butcher	3B	4	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)	B	B	Eventide	42	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Hotheaded Giant	3R	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Haste
Hotheaded Giant enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it unless you've cast another red spell this turn."	R	R	Eventide	57	common	Fred Harper		
Monstrify	3G	4	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	G	G	Eventide	70	common	Lars Grant-West		
Harvest Gwyllion	2W/BW/B	4	Creature ? Hag	Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)	W	W	Eventide	90	common	Nils Hamm		
Desecrator Hag	2B/GB/G	4	Creature ? Hag	"When Desecrator Hag enters the battlefield, return to your hand the creature card in your graveyard with the greatest power. If two or more cards are tied for greatest power, you choose one of them."	G	G	Eventide	119	common	Fred Harper		
Drain the Well	2B/GB/G	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. You gain 2 life.	G	G	Eventide	121	common	Warren Mahy		
Grazing Kelpie	3G/U	4	Creature ? Beast	"{G/U}, Sacrifice Grazing Kelpie: Put target card from a graveyard on the bottom of its owner's library.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Eventide	153	common	Drew Tucker		
Shell Skulkin	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	{3}: Target blue creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)			Eventide	173	common	Cole Eastburn		
Sanctum Gargoyle	3W	4	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
When Sanctum Gargoyle enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Shards of Alara	24	common	Shelly Wan		
Outrider of Jhess	3U	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	52	common	Alan Pollack		
Viscera Dragger	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Ogre Warrior	"Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
Unearth {1}{B} ({1}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Shards of Alara	92	common	Ralph Horsley		
Incurable Ogre	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Mutant		R	R	Shards of Alara	105	common	Carl Critchlow		
Thorn-Thrash Viashino	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
{G}: Thorn-Thrash Viashino gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Shards of Alara	116	common	Jon Foster		
Viashino Skeleton	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino Skeleton	"{1}{B}, Discard a card: Regenerate Viashino Skeleton."	R	R	Shards of Alara	118	common	Cole Eastburn		
Godtoucher	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Cleric	"{1}{W}, {T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target creature with power 5 or greater this turn."	G	W	Shards of Alara	133	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Rhox Meditant	3W	4	Creature ? Rhino Monk	"When Rhox Meditant enters the battlefield, if you control a green permanent, draw a card."	W	W	Conflux	16	common	Donato Giancola		
Faerie Mechanist	3U	4	Artifact Creature ? Faerie Artificer	"Flying
When Faerie Mechanist enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Conflux	27	common	Matt Cavotta		
Canyon Minotaur	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior		R	R	Conflux	60	common	Steve Prescott		
Quenchable Fire	3R	4	Sorcery	Quenchable Fire deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. It deals an additional 3 damage to that player or planeswalker at the beginning of your next upkeep step unless that player or that planeswalker's controller pays {U} before that step.	R	U	Conflux	70	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Wild Leotau	2GG	4	Creature ? Cat	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Wild Leotau unless you pay {G}."	G	G	Conflux	97	common	Michael Komarck		
Esper Cormorants	2WU	4	Artifact Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Conflux	105	common	Warren Mahy		
Exploding Borders	2RG	4	Sorcery	"Domain ? Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. Exploding Borders deals X damage to target player or planeswalker, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control."	R	R	Conflux	106	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Stormcaller's Boon	2WU	4	Enchantment	"Sacrifice Stormcaller's Boon: Creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	13	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Architects of Will	2UB	4	Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Architects of Will enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of target player's library, then put them back in any order.
Cycling {U/B} ({U/B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Alara Reborn	17	common	Matt Stewart		
Brainbite	2UB	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card.
Draw a card."	U	U	Alara Reborn	18	common	Mark Hyzer		
Singe-Mind Ogre	2BR	4	Creature ? Ogre Mutant	"When Singe-Mind Ogre enters the battlefield, target player reveals a card at random from their hand, then loses life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	R	R	Alara Reborn	45	common	Daarken		
Rhox Brute	2RG	4	Creature ? Rhino Warrior		R	R	Alara Reborn	59	common	Raymond Swanland		
Captured Sunlight	2GW	4	Sorcery	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
You gain 4 life."	W	W	Alara Reborn	66	common	Nils Hamm		
Leonin Armorguard	2GW	4	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"When Leonin Armorguard enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Alara Reborn	72	common	Steven Belledin		
Grixis Sojourners	1UBR	4	Creature ? Zombie Ogre	"When you cycle Grixis Sojourners or it dies, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
Cycling {2}{B} ({2}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Alara Reborn	112	common	John Avon		
Bant Sojourners	1GWU	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When you cycle Bant Sojourners or it dies, you may create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.
Cycling {2}{W} ({2}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	125	common	John Avon		
Arsenal Thresher	2W/BU	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"As Arsenal Thresher enters the battlefield, you may reveal any number of other artifact cards from your hand. Arsenal Thresher enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each card revealed this way."	W	W	Alara Reborn	131	common	Ralph Horsley		
Kor Cartographer	3W	4	Creature ? Kor Scout	"When Kor Cartographer enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Zendikar	18	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Pillarfield Ox	3W	4	Creature ? Ox		W	W	Zendikar	31	common	Andrew Robinson		
Lethargy Trap	3U	4	Instant ? Trap	"If three or more creatures are attacking, you may pay {U} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Attacking creatures get -3/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Zendikar	51	common	Anthony Francisco		
Windrider Eel	3U	4	Creature ? Fish	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Windrider Eel gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	U	U	Zendikar	78	common	Austin Hsu		
Crypt Ripper	2BB	4	Creature ? Shade	"Haste
{B}: Crypt Ripper gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Zendikar	85	common	Dave Kendall		
Hagra Crocodile	3B	4	Creature ? Crocodile	"Hagra Crocodile can't block.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Hagra Crocodile gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Zendikar	94	common	Daren Bader		
Heartstabber Mosquito	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	"Kicker {2}{B} (You may pay an additional {2}{B} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Heartstabber Mosquito enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target creature."	B	B	Zendikar	97	common	Jason Felix		
Nimana Sell-Sword	3B	4	Creature ? Human Warrior Ally	"Whenever Nimana Sell-Sword or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Nimana Sell-Sword."	B	B	Zendikar	106	common	Daarken		
Bladetusk Boar	3R	4	Creature ? Boar	Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)	R	R	Zendikar	118	common	Paul Bonner		
Shatterskull Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior		R	R	Zendikar	148	common	Kekai Kotaki		
Joraga Bard	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Rogue Ally	"Whenever Joraga Bard or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Ally creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn."	G	G	Zendikar	166	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Mold Shambler	3G	4	Creature ? Fungus Beast	"Kicker {1}{G} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} as you cast this spell.)
When Mold Shambler enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target noncreature permanent."	G	G	Zendikar	169	common	Karl Kopinski		
Timbermaw Larva	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Timbermaw Larva attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Forest you control."	G	G	Zendikar	189	common	Matt Cavotta		
Brink of Disaster	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature or land
When enchanted permanent becomes tapped, destroy it."	B	B	Worldwake	52	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Jagwasp Swarm	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	Flying	B	B	Worldwake	58	common	Austin Hsu		
Cosi's Ravager	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Cosi's Ravager deal 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Worldwake	77	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Roiling Terrain	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target land, then Roiling Terrain deals damage to that land's controller equal to the number of land cards in that player's graveyard."	R	R	Worldwake	88	common	Steve Prescott		
Feral Contest	3G	4	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Another target creature blocks it this turn if able.	G	G	Worldwake	100	common	Daarken		
Graypelt Hunter	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior Ally	"Trample
Whenever Graypelt Hunter or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Graypelt Hunter."	G	G	Worldwake	103	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Hedron Rover	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Hedron Rover gets +2/+2 until end of turn."			Worldwake	125	common	Jason Felix		
Makindi Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	Flying	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	36	common	Izzy		
Bala Ged Scorpion	3B	4	Creature ? Scorpion	"When Bala Ged Scorpion enters the battlefield, you may destroy target creature with power 1 or less."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	95	common	Daarken		
Battle-Rattle Shaman	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may have target creature get +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	136	common	Warren Mahy		
Lagac Lizard	3R	4	Creature ? Lizard		R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	154	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Vent Sentinel	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Defender
{1}{R}, {T}: Vent Sentinel deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of creatures with defender you control."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	171	common	Chris Rahn		
Kozilek's Predator	3G	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"When Kozilek's Predator enters the battlefield, create two 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	193	common	Steve Argyle		
Ondu Giant	3G	4	Creature ? Giant Druid	"When Ondu Giant enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	202	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Wildheart Invoker	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	{8}: Target creature gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	213	common	Erica Yang		
Ghalma's Warden	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	Metalcraft ? Ghalma's Warden gets +2/+2 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	8	common	Mike Bierek		
Bonds of Quicksilver	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	29	common	Steven Belledin		
Lumengrid Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Metalcraft ? When Lumengrid Drake enters the battlefield, if you control three or more artifacts, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	36	common	Johann Bodin		
Blackcleave Goblin	3B	4	Creature ? Goblin Zombie	"Haste
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	54	common	Nils Hamm		
Blade-Tribe Berserkers	3R	4	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Metalcraft ? When Blade-Tribe Berserkers enters the battlefield, if you control three or more artifacts, Blade-Tribe Berserkers gets +3/+3 and gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	84	common	Kev Walker		
Melt Terrain	2RR	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Melt Terrain deals 2 damage to that land's controller.	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	97	common	John Avon		
Tel-Jilad Fallen	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Protection from artifacts
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	130	common	James Ryman		
Chrome Steed	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Horse	Metalcraft ? Chrome Steed gets +2/+2 as long as you control three or more artifacts.			Scars of Mirrodin	142	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Corpse Cur	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Hound	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
When Corpse Cur enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card with infect from your graveyard to your hand."			Scars of Mirrodin	147	common	Pete Venters		
Tine Shrike	3W	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	17	common	Adrian Smith		
Serum Raker	2UU	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Serum Raker dies, each player discards a card."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	31	common	Austin Hsu		
Vivisection	3U	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Draw three cards."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	38	common	Anthony Francisco		
Blightwidow	3G	4	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	77	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Tangle Mantis	2GG	4	Creature ? Insect	Trample	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	91	common	Chris Rahn		
Bladed Sentinel	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{W}: Bladed Sentinel gains vigilance until end of turn.		W	Mirrodin Besieged	98	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Dross Ripper	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Hound	{2}{B}: Dross Ripper gets +1/+1 until end of turn.		B	Mirrodin Besieged	106	common	David Rapoza		
Rusted Slasher	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Horror	Sacrifice an artifact: Regenerate Rusted Slasher.			Mirrodin Besieged	128	common	Adrian Smith		
Loxodon Convert	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant Soldier		W	W	New Phyrexia	14	common	Adrian Smith		
Parasitic Implant	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, enchanted creature's controller sacrifices it and you create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token."	B	B	New Phyrexia	67	common	Jason Felix		
Ogre Menial	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{R}: Ogre Menial gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	New Phyrexia	89	common	David Rapoza		
Ruthless Invasion	3R/P	4	Sorcery	"({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)
Nonartifact creatures can't block this turn."	R	R	New Phyrexia	93	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Insatiable Souleater	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Beast	{G/P}: Insatiable Souleater gains trample until end of turn. ({G/P} can be paid with either {G} or 2 life.)		G	New Phyrexia	140	common	Dave Kendall		
Abbey Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Innistrad	1	common	Jaime Jones		
Fortress Crab	3U	4	Creature ? Crab		U	U	Innistrad	56	common	Vincent Proce		
Makeshift Mauler	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	65	common	James Ryman		
Moon Heron	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit Bird	Flying	U	U	Innistrad	69	common	Charles Urbach		
Brain Weevil	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Sacrifice Brain Weevil: Target player discards two cards. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Innistrad	91	common	Anthony Jones		
Curse of Oblivion	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, that player exiles two cards from their graveyard."	B	B	Innistrad	95	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Rotting Fensnake	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Snake		B	B	Innistrad	113	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Festerhide Boar	3G	4	Creature ? Boar	"Trample
Morbid ? Festerhide Boar enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it if a creature died this turn."	G	G	Innistrad	179	common	Nils Hamm		
Woodland Sleuth	3G	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"Morbid ? When Woodland Sleuth enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, return a creature card at random from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Innistrad	210	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Elgaud Inquisitor	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
When Elgaud Inquisitor dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Dark Ascension	6	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Nephalia Seakite	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying"	U	U	Dark Ascension	43	common	Wayne England		
Gruesome Discovery	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Target player discards two cards.
Morbid ? If a creature died this turn, instead that player reveals their hand, you choose two cards from it, then that player discards those cards."	B	B	Dark Ascension	66	common	John Stanko		
Sightless Ghoul	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"Sightless Ghoul can't block.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dark Ascension	73	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Wrack with Madness	3R	4	Sorcery	Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	R	R	Dark Ascension	107	common	Todd Lockwood		
Kessig Recluse	2GG	4	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Dark Ascension	121	common	Vincent Proce		
Midvast Protector	3W	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Midvast Protector enters the battlefield, target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	28	common	James Ryman		
Seraph of Dawn	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Avacyn Restored	35	common	Todd Lockwood		
Amass the Components	3U	4	Sorcery	"Draw three cards, then put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	43	common	Matt Stewart		
Elgaud Shieldmate	3U	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Elgaud Shieldmate is paired with another creature, both creatures have hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Avacyn Restored	50	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Mist Raven	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Mist Raven enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	67	common	John Avon		
Driver of the Dead	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire	"When Driver of the Dead dies, return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	99	common	James Ryman		
Mental Agony	3B	4	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards and loses 2 life.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	114	common	Greg Staples		
Undead Executioner	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Undead Executioner dies, you may have target creature get -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	123	common	Dave Kendall		
Heirs of Stromkirk	2RR	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Whenever Heirs of Stromkirk deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	140	common	Winona Nelson		
Flowering Lumberknot	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk	Flowering Lumberknot can't attack or block unless it's paired with a creature with soulbond.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	178	common	Nic Klein		
Armory Guard	3W	4	Creature ? Giant Soldier	Armory Guard has vigilance as long as you control a Gate.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	2	common	Karl Kopinski		
Runewing	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Runewing dies, draw a card."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	48	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Ogre Jailbreaker	3B	4	Creature ? Ogre Rogue	"Defender
Ogre Jailbreaker can attack as though it didn't have defender as long as you control a Gate."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	72	common	Karl Kopinski		
Perilous Shadow	2BB	4	Creature ? Insect Shade	{1}{B}: Perilous Shadow gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Return to Ravnica	74	common	Clint Cearley		
Korozda Monitor	2GG	4	Creature ? Lizard	"Trample
Scavenge {5}{G}{G} ({5}{G}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	129	common	Lars Grant-West		
Towering Indrik	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Return to Ravnica	137	common	Lars Grant-West		
Hussar Patrol	2WU	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Vigilance"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	169	common	Seb McKinnon		
Sluiceway Scorpion	2BG	4	Creature ? Scorpion	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Scavenge {1}{B}{G} ({1}{B}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	198	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Zarichi Tiger	3W	4	Creature ? Cat	"{1}{W}, {T}: You gain 2 life."	W	W	Gatecrash	28	common	Nic Klein		
Clinging Anemones	3U	4	Creature ? Jellyfish	"Defender
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	31	common	Mike Bierek		
Keymaster Rogue	3U	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Keymaster Rogue can't be blocked.
When Keymaster Rogue enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	39	common	Winona Nelson		
Last Thoughts	3U	4	Sorcery	"Draw a card.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	40	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Way of the Thief	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature can't be blocked as long as you control a Gate."	U	U	Gatecrash	56	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Balustrade Spy	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Flying
When Balustrade Spy enters the battlefield, target player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard."	B	B	Gatecrash	57	common	Jaime Jones		
Midnight Recovery	3B	4	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	73	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Syndicate Enforcer	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	80	common	Steven Belledin		
Scorchwalker	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Bloodrush ? {1}{R}{R}, Discard Scorchwalker: Target attacking creature gets +5/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	104	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Ivy Lane Denizen	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever another green creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Gatecrash	125	common	Winona Nelson		
Purge the Profane	2WB	4	Sorcery	Target opponent discards two cards and you gain 2 life.	W	W	Gatecrash	190	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Millennial Gargoyle	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	Flying			Gatecrash	232	common	Seb McKinnon		
Sunspire Gatekeepers	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Sunspire Gatekeepers enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Gates, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	9	common	Chippy		
Opal Lake Gatekeepers	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Soldier	"When Opal Lake Gatekeepers enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Gates, you may draw a card."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	16	common	Seb McKinnon		
Ubul Sar Gatekeepers	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"When Ubul Sar Gatekeepers enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Gates, target creature an opponent controls gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Dragon's Maze	30	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Rubblebelt Maaka	3R	4	Creature ? Cat	"Bloodrush ? {R}, Discard Rubblebelt Maaka: Target attacking creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	38	common	Eric Velhagen		
Smelt-Ward Gatekeepers	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Smelt-Ward Gatekeepers enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Gates, gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	39	common	Daarken		
Saruli Gatekeepers	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"When Saruli Gatekeepers enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Gates, you gain 7 life."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	48	common	Chris Rahn		
Thrashing Mossdog	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Hound	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Scavenge {4}{G}{G} ({4}{G}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Dragon's Maze	50	common	Ryan Barger		
Ephara's Warden	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Tap target creature with power 3 or less.	W	W	Theros	10	common	Zack Stella		
Breaching Hippocamp	3U	4	Creature ? Horse Fish	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Breaching Hippocamp enters the battlefield, untap another target creature you control."	U	U	Theros	43	common	Christopher Burdett		
Coastline Chimera	3U	4	Creature ? Chimera	"Flying
{1}{W}: Coastline Chimera can block an additional creature this turn."	U	W	Theros	44	common	Dan Scott		
Cavern Lampad	3B	4	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Bestow {5}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has intimidate."	B	B	Theros	81	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Disciple of Phenax	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Disciple of Phenax enters the battlefield, target player reveals a number of cards from their hand equal to your devotion to black. You choose one of them. That player discards that card. (Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)"	B	B	Theros	84	common	John Severin Brassell		
March of the Returned	3B	4	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Theros	96	common	Mark Zug		
Borderland Minotaur	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior		R	R	Theros	114	common	Greg Staples		
Ill-Tempered Cyclops	3R	4	Creature ? Cyclops	"Trample
{5}{R}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)"	R	R	Theros	125	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Portent of Betrayal	3R	4	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Theros	133	common	Daarken		
Nylea's Disciple	2GG	4	Creature ? Centaur Archer	"When Nylea's Disciple enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to your devotion to green. (Each {G} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)"	G	G	Theros	167	common	Trevor Claxton		
Staunch-Hearted Warrior	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Staunch-Hearted Warrior, put two +1/+1 counters on Staunch-Hearted Warrior."	G	G	Theros	179	common	Greg Staples		
Excoriate	3W	4	Sorcery	Exile target tapped creature.	W	W	Born of the Gods	10	common	Johann Bodin		
Great Hart	3W	4	Creature ? Elk		W	W	Born of the Gods	15	common	Christopher Moeller		
Chorus of the Tides	3U	4	Creature ? Siren	"Flying
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Chorus of the Tides, scry 1. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Born of the Gods	33	common	Steve Prescott		
Forsaken Drifters	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Forsaken Drifters dies, put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard."	B	B	Born of the Gods	72	common	Min Yum		
Cyclops of One-Eyed Pass	2RR	4	Creature ? Cyclops		R	R	Born of the Gods	90	common	Kev Walker		
Pheres-Band Tromper	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Inspired ? Whenever Pheres-Band Tromper becomes untapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Born of the Gods	134	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Setessan Starbreaker	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Setessan Starbreaker enters the battlefield, you may destroy target Aura."	G	G	Born of the Gods	139	common	Chase Stone		
Akroan Mastiff	3W	4	Creature ? Hound	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	3	common	Zoltan Boros		
Rotted Hulk	3B	4	Creature ? Elemental		B	B	Journey into Nyx	81	common	Raymond Swanland		
Desecration Plague	3G	4	Sorcery	Destroy target enchantment or land.	G	G	Journey into Nyx	120	common	Ralph Horsley		
Market Festival	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional two mana in any combination of colors."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	130	common	Ryan Barger		
Ravenous Leucrocota	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance
{6}{G}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)"	G	G	Journey into Nyx	136	common	Christopher Burdett		
Moriok Scavenger	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Moriok Scavenger enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Mirrodin	68	common	Puddnhead		
Tel-Jilad Exile	3G	4	Creature ? Troll Warrior	{1}{G}: Regenerate Tel-Jilad Exile.	G	G	Mirrodin	133	common	Justin Sweet		
Dross Crocodile	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Crocodile		B	B	Fifth Dawn	47	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Fill with Fright	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target player discards two cards. Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	B	B	Fifth Dawn	50	common	Luca Zontini		
Harsh Deceiver	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{1}: Look at the top card of your library.
{2}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, untap Harsh Deceiver and it gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	11	common	Heather Hudson		
Soratami Mirror-Guard	3U	4	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	87	common	Wayne England		
Gibbering Kami	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Soulshift 3 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	112	common	Jim Pavelec		
Kami of Fire's Roar	3R	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	174	common	Dave Dorman		
Burr Grafter	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Sacrifice Burr Grafter: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Soulshift 3 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	203	common	Heather Hudson		
Feral Deceiver	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{1}: Look at the top card of your library.
{2}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, Feral Deceiver gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	208	common	Glen Angus		
Ninja of the Deep Hours	3U	4	Creature ? Human Ninja	"Ninjutsu {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Ninja of the Deep Hours deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	44	common	Dan Scott		
Kami of Empty Graves	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Soulshift 3 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	75	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Burning-Tree Bloodscale	2RG	4	Creature ? Viashino Berserker	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
{2}{R}: Target creature can't block Burning-Tree Bloodscale this turn.
{2}{G}: Target creature blocks Burning-Tree Bloodscale this turn if able."	R	R	Guildpact	104	common	Kev Walker		
Guardian of the Guildpact	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	Protection from monocolored	W	W	Dissension	10	common	Fred Hooper		
Enigma Eidolon	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{U}, Sacrifice Enigma Eidolon: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, you may return Enigma Eidolon from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Dissension	24	common	Shishizaru		
Ogre Gatecrasher	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Rogue	"When Ogre Gatecrasher enters the battlefield, destroy target creature with defender."	R	R	Dissension	67	common	Daren Bader		
Disciple of Tevesh Szat	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
{4}{B}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Disciple of Tevesh Szat: Target creature gets -6/-6 until end of turn."	B	B	Coldsnap	55	common	Pete Venters		
Divine Congregation	3W	4	Sorcery	"You gain 2 life for each creature target player controls.
Suspend 5?{1}{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{W} and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	13	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Flickering Spirit	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{3}{W}: Exile Flickering Spirit, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Time Spiral	17	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Foriysian Interceptor	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Defender
Foriysian Interceptor can block an additional creature each combat."	W	W	Time Spiral	18	common	Anson Maddocks		
Temporal Eddy	2UU	4	Sorcery	Put target creature or land on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Time Spiral	85	common	Wayne England		
Cyclopean Giant	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"When Cyclopean Giant dies, target land becomes a Swamp. Exile Cyclopean Giant."	B	B	Time Spiral	100	common	Mark Tedin		
Mwonvuli Acid-Moss	2GG	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Time Spiral	207	common	Randy Gallegos		
Veiling Oddity	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Suspend 4?{1}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{U} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
When the last time counter is removed from Veiling Oddity while it's exiled, creatures can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Planar Chaos	51	common	Dave DeVries		
Primal Plasma	3U	4	Creature ? Elemental Shapeshifter	"As Primal Plasma enters the battlefield, it becomes your choice of a 3/3 creature, a 2/2 creature with flying, or a 1/6 creature with defender."	U	U	Planar Chaos	59	common	Luca Zontini		
Brain Gorgers	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When you cast this spell, any player may sacrifice a creature. If a player does, counter Brain Gorgers.
Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Planar Chaos	65	common	Kev Walker		
Sentinels of Glen Elendra	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Soldier	"Flash
Flying"	U	U	Lorwyn	84	common	Howard Lyon		
Lys Alana Huntmaster	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever you cast an Elf spell, you may create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	G	G	Lorwyn	229	common	Pete Venters		
Distant Melody	3U	4	Sorcery	Choose a creature type. Draw a card for each permanent you control of that type.	U	U	Morningtide	32	common	Omar Rayyan		
Reins of the Vinesteed	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
When enchanted creature dies, you may return Reins of the Vinesteed from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to a creature that shares a creature type with that creature."	G	G	Morningtide	134	common	Jim Pavelec		
Blistering Dieflyn	3R	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{B/R}: Blistering Dieflyn gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	82	common	Scott Altmann		
Wickerbough Elder	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Wickerbough Elder enters the battlefield with a -1/-1 counter on it.
{G}, Remove a -1/-1 counter from Wickerbough Elder: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Eventide	80	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Noggle Bridgebreaker	2U/RU/R	4	Creature ? Noggle Rogue	"When Noggle Bridgebreaker enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Eventide	107	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Sewn-Eye Drake	2U/RB	4	Creature ? Zombie Drake	"Flying, haste"	U	U	Alara Reborn	135	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Wrap in Flames	3R	4	Sorcery	Wrap in Flames deals 1 damage to each of up to three target creatures. Those creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	173	common	Vronique Meignaud		
Ogre Resister	2RR	4	Creature ? Ogre		R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	72	common	Efrem Palacios		
Impaler Shrike	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Impaler Shrike deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, draw three cards."	U	U	New Phyrexia	36	common	Nils Hamm		
Mortis Dogs	3B	4	Creature ? Hound	"Whenever Mortis Dogs attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
When Mortis Dogs dies, target player loses life equal to its power."	B	B	New Phyrexia	66	common	Chippy		
Russet Wolves	3R	4	Creature ? Wolf		R	R	Dark Ascension	102	common	Christopher Moeller		
Nettle Swine	3G	4	Creature ? Boar		G	G	Avacyn Restored	186	common	Christopher Moeller		
Scab-Clan Charger	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Bloodrush ? {1}{G}, Discard Scab-Clan Charger: Target attacking creature gets +2/+4 until end of turn."	G	G	Gatecrash	131	common	Nils Hamm		
Cloaked Siren	3U	4	Creature ? Siren	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying"	U	U	Journey into Nyx	32	common	Mark Zug		
Llanowar Empath	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Llanowar Empath enters the battlefield, scry 2, then reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put it into your hand. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	G	G	Future Sight	130	common	Warren Mahy		
Zof Shade	3B	4	Creature ? Shade	{2}{B}: Zof Shade gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	132	common	Jason A. Engle		
Dreadwaters	3U	4	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of lands you control."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	49	common	Cliff Childs		
Mad Prophet	3R	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
{T}, Discard a card: Draw a card."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	146	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Cobblebrute	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental		R	R	Return to Ravnica	91	common	Eytan Zana		
Returned Centaur	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Centaur	"When Returned Centaur enters the battlefield, target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Theros	103	common	Lucas Graciano		
Weight of the Underworld	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -3/-2."	B	B	Born of the Gods	86	common	Wesley Burt		
Befoul	2BB	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land or nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	102	common	Luca Zontini		
Beast Hunt	3G	4	Sorcery	Reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Zendikar	158	common	Kieran Yanner		
Assault Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	Flying	W	W	Gatecrash	4	common	Eric Velhagen		
Auriok Transfixer	W	1	Creature ? Human Scout	"{W}, {T}: Tap target artifact."	W	W	Mirrodin	5	common	Stephen Tappin		
Leonin Elder	W	1	Creature ? Cat Cleric	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Mirrodin	10	common	Todd Lockwood		
Disciple of the Vault	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever an artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may have target opponent lose 1 life."	B	B	Mirrodin	62	common	Matt Thompson		
Aether Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{U}, Sacrifice Aether Spellbomb: Return target creature to its owner's hand.
{1}, Sacrifice Aether Spellbomb: Draw a card."		U	Mirrodin	141	common	Jim Nelson		
Bonesplitter	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip {1}"			Mirrodin	146	common	Darrell Riche		
Clockwork Beetle	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Clockwork Beetle enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Clockwork Beetle attacks or blocks, remove a +1/+1 counter from it at end of combat."			Mirrodin	153	common	Arnie Swekel		
Leonin Scimitar	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Mirrodin	193	common	Doug Chaffee		
Lifespark Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{G}, Sacrifice Lifespark Spellbomb: Until end of turn, target land becomes a 3/3 creature that's still a land.
{1}, Sacrifice Lifespark Spellbomb: Draw a card."		G	Mirrodin	197	common	Jim Nelson		
Necrogen Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{B}, Sacrifice Necrogen Spellbomb: Target player discards a card.
{1}, Sacrifice Necrogen Spellbomb: Draw a card."		B	Mirrodin	216	common	Jim Nelson		
Neurok Hoversail	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has flying.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	218	common	Alan Pollack		
Pyrite Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{R}, Sacrifice Pyrite Spellbomb: It deals 2 damage to any target.
{1}, Sacrifice Pyrite Spellbomb: Draw a card."		R	Mirrodin	232	common	Jim Nelson		
Slagwurm Armor	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+6.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	243	common	Justin Sweet		
Steel Wall	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)			Mirrodin	248	common	David Day		
Sunbeam Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{W}, Sacrifice Sunbeam Spellbomb: You gain 5 life.
{1}, Sacrifice Sunbeam Spellbomb: Draw a card."		W	Mirrodin	250	common	Jim Nelson		
Tanglebloom	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: You gain 1 life."			Mirrodin	258	common	Val Mayerik		
Auriok Glaivemaster	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As long as Auriok Glaivemaster is equipped, it gets +1/+1 and has first strike."	W	W	Darksteel	1	common	John Matson		
Crazed Goblin	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Crazed Goblin attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Darksteel	56	common	Darrell Riche		
Viridian Acolyte	G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Darksteel	89	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Leonin Bola	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}, Unattach Leonin Bola: Tap target creature.""
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Darksteel	127	common	Christopher Moeller		
Myr Moonvessel	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"When Myr Moonvessel dies, add {C}."			Darksteel	133	common	Dany Orizio		
Spark Elemental	R	1	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample, haste (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking. This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Spark Elemental."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	79	common	John Avon		
Myr Servitor	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if Myr Servitor is on the battlefield, each player returns all cards named Myr Servitor from their graveyard to the battlefield."			Fifth Dawn	139	common	John Matson		
Razorgrass Screen	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Razorgrass Screen blocks each combat if able."			Fifth Dawn	145	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Blessed Breath	W	1	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane {W} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	1	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Devoted Retainer	W	1	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	7	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Lantern Kami	W	1	Creature ? Spirit	Flying	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	32	common	John Avon		
Quiet Purity	W	1	Instant ? Arcane	Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	39	common	Shishizaru		
Vigilance	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	49	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Reach Through Mists	U	1	Instant ? Arcane	Draw a card.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	81	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Akki Avalanchers	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Sacrifice a land: Akki Avalanchers gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	151	common	Matt Thompson		
Unnatural Speed	R	1	Instant ? Arcane	Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	197	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Commune with Nature	G	1	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	204	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Kodama's Might	G	1	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane {G} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	224	common	Terese Nielsen		
Orochi Leafcaller	G	1	Creature ? Snake Shaman	{G}: Add one mana of any color.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	234	common	Joel Thomas		
Hundred-Talon Strike	W	1	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane?Tap an untapped white creature you control. (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	8	common	Matt Cavotta		
Teardrop Kami	U	1	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Teardrop Kami: You may tap or untap target creature.	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	55	common	Michael Sutfin		
Bile Urchin	B	1	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Bile Urchin: Target player loses 1 life.	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	61	common	Dany Orizio		
Psychic Spear	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a Spirit or Arcane card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	78	common	Ron Spears		
Crack the Earth	R	1	Sorcery ? Arcane	Each player sacrifices a permanent.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	98	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Frostling	R	1	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Frostling: It deals 1 damage to target creature.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	103	common	Carl Critchlow		
Child of Thorns	G	1	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Child of Thorns: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	123	common	Jeff Easley		
Traproot Kami	G	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender; reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Traproot Kami's toughness is equal to the number of Forests on the battlefield."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	147	common	Carl Critchlow		
Cowed by Wisdom	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block unless its controller pays {1} for each card in your hand."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	5	common	Daren Bader		
Spiritual Visit	W	1	Instant ? Arcane	"Create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token.
Splice onto Arcane {W} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	29	common	Pete Venters		
Cut the Earthly Bond	U	1	Instant ? Arcane	Return target enchanted permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	32	common	Jeff Miracola		
Dreamcatcher	U	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may sacrifice Dreamcatcher. If you do, draw a card."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	34	common	Mark Tedin		
Gnat Miser	B	1	Creature ? Rat Shaman	Each opponent's maximum hand size is reduced by one.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	70	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Glitterfang	R	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
At the beginning of the end step, return Glitterfang to its owner's hand."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	100	common	Ron Spencer		
Promised Kannushi	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"Soulshift 7 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 7 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	141	common	Matt Thompson		
Votary of the Conclave	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	{2}{G}: Regenerate Votary of the Conclave.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	35	common	Alan Pollack		
Grayscaled Gharial	U	1	Creature ? Crocodile	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	52	common	Chris Dien		
Thoughtpicker Witch	B	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Look at the top two cards of target opponent's library, then exile one of them."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	109	common	Pete Venters		
Torpid Moloch	R	1	Creature ? Lizard	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Sacrifice three lands: Torpid Moloch loses defender until end of turn."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	147	common	Paolo Parente		
War-Torch Goblin	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{R}, Sacrifice War-Torch Goblin: It deals 2 damage to target blocking creature."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	151	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Elvish Skysweeper	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"{4}{G}, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target creature with flying."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	162	common	Mark Tedin		
Boros Recruit	R/W	1	Creature ? Goblin Soldier	"({R/W} can be paid with either {R} or {W}.)
First strike"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	243	common	Keith Garletts		
Benediction of Moons	W	1	Sorcery	"You gain 1 life for each player.
Haunt (When this spell card is put into a graveyard after resolving, exile it haunting target creature.)
When the creature Benediction of Moons haunts dies, you gain 1 life for each player."	W	W	Guildpact	3	common	Matt Cavotta		
Lionheart Maverick	W	1	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance
{4}{W}: Lionheart Maverick gets +1/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Guildpact	11	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Cry of Contrition	B	1	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card.
Haunt (When this spell card is put into a graveyard after resolving, exile it haunting target creature.)
When the creature Cry of Contrition haunts dies, target player discards a card."	B	B	Guildpact	46	common	Daren Bader		
Skarrgan Pit-Skulk	G	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Creatures with power less than Skarrgan Pit-Skulk's power can't block it."	G	G	Guildpact	96	common	Liam Sharp		
Haazda Exonerator	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice Haazda Exonerator: Destroy target Aura."	W	W	Dissension	11	common	Kev Walker		
Writ of Passage	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, if its power is 2 or less, it can't be blocked this turn.
Forecast ? {1}{U}, Reveal Writ of Passage from your hand: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	U	U	Dissension	37	common	Luca Zontini		
Kill-Suit Cultist	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Kill-Suit Cultist attacks each combat if able.
{B}, Sacrifice Kill-Suit Cultist: The next time damage would be dealt to target creature this turn, destroy that creature instead."	R	R	Dissension	65	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Taste for Mayhem	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.
Hellbent ? Enchanted creature gets an additional +2/+0 as long as you have no cards in hand."	R	R	Dissension	75	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Simic Initiate	G	1	Creature ? Human Mutant	"Graft 1 (This creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)"	G	G	Dissension	92	common	Dany Orizio		
Street Savvy	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 and can block creatures with landwalk abilities as though they didn't have those abilities."	G	G	Dissension	97	common	Kev Walker		
Riot Spikes	B/R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"({B/R} can be paid with either {B} or {R}.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-1."	R	R	Dissension	146	common	Christopher Moeller		
Gelid Shackles	W	1	Snow Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
{S}: Enchanted creature gains defender until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	6	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Kjeldoran Javelineer	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{T}: Kjeldoran Javelineer deals damage equal to the number of age counters on it to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Coldsnap	11	common	Dave Dorman		
Martyr of Frost	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}, Reveal X blue cards from your hand, Sacrifice Martyr of Frost: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}."	U	U	Coldsnap	40	common	Wayne England		
Feast of Flesh	B	1	Sorcery	"Feast of Flesh deals X damage to target creature and you gain X life, where X is 1 plus the number of cards named Feast of Flesh in all graveyards."	B	B	Coldsnap	56	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Martyr of Bones	B	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}, Reveal X black cards from your hand, Sacrifice Martyr of Bones: Exile up to X target cards from a single graveyard."	B	B	Coldsnap	65	common	E. M. Gist		
Boreal Druid	G	1	Snow Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {C}.	G	G	Coldsnap	105	common	Dan Dos Santos		
Martyr of Spores	G	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{1}, Reveal X green cards from your hand, Sacrifice Martyr of Spores: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn."	G	G	Coldsnap	113	common	Dan Scott		
Children of Korlis	W	1	Creature ? Human Rebel Cleric	Sacrifice Children of Korlis: You gain life equal to the life you've lost this turn. (Damage causes loss of life.)	W	W	Time Spiral	8	common	Quinton Hoover		
Detainment Spell	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature's activated abilities can't be activated.
{1}{W}: Attach Detainment Spell to target creature."	W	W	Time Spiral	12	common	Darrell Riche		
Gaze of Justice	W	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap three untapped white creatures you control.
Exile target creature.
Flashback {5}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost and any additional costs. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	20	common	John Avon		
Sidewinder Sliver	W	1	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have flanking. (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks a Sliver, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	41	common	Ron Spencer		
Drifter il-Dal	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Drifter il-Dal unless you pay {U}."	U	U	Time Spiral	59	common	Justin Sweet		
Sage of Epityr	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Sage of Epityr enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Time Spiral	74	common	Randy Gallegos		
Screeching Sliver	U	1	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."""	U	U	Time Spiral	75	common	Stuart Griffin		
Call to the Netherworld	B	1	Sorcery	"Return target black creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Madness {0} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	97	common	Vance Kovacs		
Mindlash Sliver	B	1	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{1}, Sacrifice this permanent: Each player discards a card."""	B	B	Time Spiral	118	common	Jeff Miracola		
Ground Rift	R	1	Sorcery	"Target creature without flying can't block this turn.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	162	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Greenseeker	G	1	Creature ? Elf Spellshaper	"{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Time Spiral	198	common	Rebecca Guay		
Brass Gnat	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Brass Gnat doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {1}. If you do, untap Brass Gnat."			Time Spiral	249	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Sunlance	W	1	Sorcery	Sunlance deals 3 damage to target nonwhite creature.	W	W	Planar Chaos	31	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Ridged Kusite	B	1	Creature ? Horror Spellshaper	"{1}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn."	B	B	Planar Chaos	78	common	rk post		
Vampiric Link	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, you gain that much life."	B	B	Planar Chaos	92	common	Kev Walker		
Dust Corona	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and can't be blocked by creatures with flying."	R	R	Planar Chaos	97	common	Luca Zontini		
Firefright Mage	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Spellshaper	"{1}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature can't be blocked this turn except by artifact creatures and/or red creatures."	R	R	Planar Chaos	99	common	Greg Staples		
Uktabi Drake	G	1	Creature ? Drake	"Flying, haste
Echo {1}{G}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Planar Chaos	141	common	Matt Cavotta		
Gift of Granite	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2."	W	W	Future Sight	7	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Samite Censer-Bearer	W	1	Creature ? Human Rebel Cleric	"{W}, Sacrifice Samite Censer-Bearer: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to each creature you control this turn."	W	W	Future Sight	15	common	William Simpson		
Rift Elemental	R	1	Creature ? Elemental	"{1}{R}, Remove a time counter from a permanent you control or suspended card you own: Rift Elemental gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Future Sight	106	common	Ron Spears		
Llanowar Augur	G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	Sacrifice Llanowar Augur: Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.	G	G	Future Sight	129	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Goldmeadow Harrier	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Lorwyn	17	common	Steve Prescott		
Shields of Velis Vel	W	1	Tribal Instant ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Creatures target player controls get +0/+1 and gain all creature types until end of turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	39	common	Ralph Horsley		
Aquitect's Will	U	1	Tribal Sorcery ? Merfolk	"Put a flood counter on target land. That land is an Island in addition to its other types for as long as it has a flood counter on it. If you control a Merfolk, draw a card."	U	U	Lorwyn	52	common	Jeff Easley		
Tideshaper Mystic	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{T}: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn.	U	U	Lorwyn	93	common	Mark Tedin		
Boggart Birth Rite	B	1	Tribal Sorcery ? Goblin	Return target Goblin card from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Lorwyn	101	common	Ralph Horsley		
Facevaulter	B	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{B}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Facevaulter gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	111	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Nightshade Stinger	B	1	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Nightshade Stinger can't block."	B	B	Lorwyn	132	common	Mark Poole		
Boggart Forager	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"{R}, Sacrifice Boggart Forager: Target player shuffles their library."	R	R	Lorwyn	154	common	Ron Spencer		
Flamekin Brawler	R	1	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	{R}: Flamekin Brawler gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Lorwyn	166	common	Daren Bader		
Tarfire	R	1	Tribal Instant ? Goblin	Tarfire deals 2 damage to any target.	R	R	Lorwyn	194	common	Omar Rayyan		
Elvish Eulogist	G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	Sacrifice Elvish Eulogist: You gain 1 life for each Elf card in your graveyard.	G	G	Lorwyn	205	common	Ben Thompson		
Elvish Handservant	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever a player casts a Giant spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Elvish Handservant."	G	G	Lorwyn	206	common	Steve Prescott		
Hunt Down	G	1	Sorcery	Target creature blocks target creature this turn if able.	G	G	Lorwyn	218	common	Christopher Moeller		
Runed Stalactite	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and is every creature type.
Equip {2}"			Lorwyn	260	common	Jim Pavelec		
Wanderer's Twig	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice Wanderer's Twig: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Lorwyn	265	common	Dave Dorman		
Mosquito Guard	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"First strike
Reinforce 1?{1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)"	W	W	Morningtide	18	common	Randy Gallegos		
Merrow Witsniper	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"When Merrow Witsniper enters the battlefield, target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Morningtide	40	common	Steve Prescott		
Mothdust Changeling	U	1	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Tap an untapped creature you control: Mothdust Changeling gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Morningtide	42	common	Shelly Wan		
Stream of Unconsciousness	U	1	Tribal Instant ? Wizard	"Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn. If you control a Wizard, draw a card."	U	U	Morningtide	52	common	Rebecca Guay		
Prickly Boggart	B	1	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Morningtide	74	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Mudbutton Clanger	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Mudbutton Clanger, you may reveal it. If you do, Mudbutton Clanger gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Morningtide	95	common	Larry MacDougall		
Apothecary Initiate	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	"Whenever a player casts a white spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Shadowmoor	1	common	Kev Walker		
Goldenglow Moth	W	1	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Whenever Goldenglow Moth blocks, you may gain 4 life."	W	W	Shadowmoor	6	common	Howard Lyon		
Drowner Initiate	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever a player casts a blue spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Shadowmoor	36	common	E. M. Gist		
Smolder Initiate	B	1	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Whenever a player casts a black spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, target player loses 1 life."	B	B	Shadowmoor	78	common	Chippy		
Bloodshed Fever	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Shadowmoor	84	common	Dan Scott		
Intimidator Initiate	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Whenever a player casts a red spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	96	common	Ralph Horsley		
Nurturer Initiate	G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Whenever a player casts a green spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Shadowmoor	124	common	Jim Pavelec		
Zealous Guardian	W/U	1	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	Flash	W	W	Shadowmoor	157	common	Steven Belledin		
Memory Sluice	U/B	1	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	170	common	Wayne England		
Oona's Gatewarden	U/B	1	Creature ? Faerie Soldier	"Defender, flying
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	173	common	Mike Dringenberg		
Manaforge Cinder	B/R	1	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	{1}: Add {B} or {R}. Activate this ability no more than three times each turn.	R	R	Shadowmoor	191	common	Izzy		
Scuzzback Scrapper	R/G	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)	R	R	Shadowmoor	217	common	Scott Altmann		
Elvish Hexhunter	G/W	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{G/W}, {T}, Sacrifice Elvish Hexhunter: Destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Shadowmoor	226	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Safewright Quest	G/W	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Shadowmoor	240	common	Dan Scott		
Merrow Bonegnawer	B	1	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"{T}: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard.
Whenever you cast a black spell, you may untap Merrow Bonegnawer."	B	B	Eventide	37	common	Jim Nelson		
Flame Jab	R	1	Sorcery	"Flame Jab deals 1 damage to any target.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	R	R	Eventide	53	common	rk post		
Nip Gwyllion	W/B	1	Creature ? Hag	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Eventide	92	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Clout of the Dominus	U/R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is blue, it gets +1/+1 and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
As long as enchanted creature is red, it gets +1/+1 and has haste."	U	U	Eventide	99	common	Jaime Jones		
Stream Hopper	U/R	1	Creature ? Goblin	{U/R}: Stream Hopper gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Eventide	113	common	Dave Allsop		
Odious Trow	B/G	1	Creature ? Troll	{1}{B/G}: Regenerate Odious Trow.	G	G	Eventide	125	common	Warren Mahy		
Duergar Assailant	R/W	1	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	Sacrifice Duergar Assailant: It deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Eventide	136	common	Paul Bonner		
Jawbone Skulkin	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	{2}: Target red creature gains haste until end of turn.			Eventide	170	common	Jeff Easley		
Akrasan Squire	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	1	common	Todd Lockwood		
Dispeller's Capsule	W	1	Artifact	"{2}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Dispeller's Capsule: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Shards of Alara	8	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Cathartic Adept	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Shards of Alara	34	common	Carl Critchlow		
Deathgreeter	B	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever another creature dies, you may gain 1 life."	B	B	Shards of Alara	71	common	Dominick Domingo		
Executioner's Capsule	B	1	Artifact	"{1}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Executioner's Capsule: Destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Shards of Alara	75	common	Warren Mahy		
Lush Growth	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a Mountain, Forest, and Plains."	G	G	Shards of Alara	136	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Wild Nacatl	G	1	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Wild Nacatl gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Mountain.
Wild Nacatl gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Plains."	G	G	Shards of Alara	152	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Court Homunculus	W	1	Artifact Creature ? Homunculus	Court Homunculus gets +1/+1 as long as you control another artifact.	W	W	Conflux	6	common	Matt Cavotta		
Valiant Guard	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Conflux	19	common	Chris Rahn		
Grixis Illusionist	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target land you control becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.	U	U	Conflux	29	common	Mark Tedin		
Wretched Banquet	B	1	Sorcery	Destroy target creature if it has the least power or is tied for least power among creatures on the battlefield.	B	B	Conflux	56	common	Nils Hamm		
Toxic Iguanar	R	1	Creature ? Lizard	Toxic Iguanar has deathtouch as long as you control a green permanent. (Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	R	R	Conflux	72	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Tukatongue Thallid	G	1	Creature ? Fungus	"When Tukatongue Thallid dies, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Conflux	96	common	Vance Kovacs		
Steppe Lynx	W	1	Creature ? Cat	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Steppe Lynx gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Zendikar	36	common	Nic Klein		
Sunspring Expedition	W	1	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Sunspring Expedition.
Remove three quest counters from Sunspring Expedition and sacrifice it: You gain 8 life."	W	W	Zendikar	37	common	Chris J. Anderson		
Caller of Gales	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{1}{U}, {T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Zendikar	43	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Kraken Hatchling	U	1	Creature ? Kraken		U	U	Zendikar	50	common	Jason Felix		
Guul Draz Vampire	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"As long as an opponent has 10 or less life, Guul Draz Vampire gets +2/+1 and has intimidate. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Zendikar	93	common	Steve Argyle		
Mire Blight	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature is dealt damage, destroy it."	B	B	Zendikar	104	common	Dave Kendall		
Soul Stair Expedition	B	1	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Soul Stair Expedition.
Remove three quest counters from Soul Stair Expedition and sacrifice it: Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Zendikar	112	common	Anthony Francisco		
Vampire Lacerator	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life unless an opponent has 10 or less life."	B	B	Zendikar	115	common	Steve Argyle		
Scythe Tiger	G	1	Creature ? Cat	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
When Scythe Tiger enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice a land."	G	G	Zendikar	183	common	Michael Komarck		
Adventuring Gear	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, equipped creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Zendikar	195	common	Howard Lyon		
Explorer's Scope	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks, look at the top card of your library. If it's a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Zendikar	202	common	Vincent Proce		
Kitesail Apprentice	W	1	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"As long as Kitesail Apprentice is equipped, it gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Worldwake	10	common	Austin Hsu		
Wind Zendikon	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 2/2 blue Elemental creature with flying. It's still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	U	U	Worldwake	46	common	Vincent Proce		
Mire's Toll	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals a number of cards from their hand equal to the number of Swamps you control. You choose one of them. That player discards that card.	B	B	Worldwake	60	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Pulse Tracker	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Whenever Pulse Tracker attacks, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Worldwake	62	common	Andrew Robinson		
Quag Vampires	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Multikicker {1}{B} (You may pay an additional {1}{B} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Quag Vampires enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked."	B	B	Worldwake	63	common	Jason Felix		
Skitter of Lizards	R	1	Creature ? Lizard	"Multikicker {1}{R} (You may pay an additional {1}{R} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Haste
Skitter of Lizards enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked."	R	R	Worldwake	91	common	Warren Mahy		
Guard Duty	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has defender."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	23	common	Karl Kopinski		
Distortion Strike	U	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	60	common	Goran Josic		
Shared Discovery	U	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap four untapped creatures you control.
Draw three cards."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	87	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Death Cultist	B	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	Sacrifice Death Cultist: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	105	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Demonic Appetite	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	106	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Nighthaze	B	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gains swampwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Draw a card."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	118	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Goblin Arsonist	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Goblin Arsonist dies, you may have it deal 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	147	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Glint Hawk	W	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Glint Hawk enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an artifact you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	10	common	Dave Allsop		
Salvage Scout	W	1	Creature ? Human Scout	"{W}, Sacrifice Salvage Scout: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	19	common	Randis Albion		
Vedalken Certarch	U	1	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Metalcraft ? {T}: Tap target artifact, creature, or land. Activate this ability only if you control three or more artifacts."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	52	common	Karl Kopinski		
Fume Spitter	B	1	Creature ? Horror	Sacrifice Fume Spitter: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	63	common	Nils Hamm		
Assault Strobe	R	1	Sorcery	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	82	common	Kev Walker		
Goblin Gaveleer	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Trample
Goblin Gaveleer gets +2/+0 for each Equipment attached to it."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	92	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Kuldotha Rebirth	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	96	common	Goran Josic		
Copperhorn Scout	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout	"Whenever Copperhorn Scout attacks, untap each other creature you control."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	116	common	Shelly Wan		
Ezuri's Archers	G	1	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Ezuri's Archers blocks a creature with flying, Ezuri's Archers gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	120	common	Shelly Wan		
Flight Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Flight Spellbomb: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
When Flight Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {U}. If you do, draw a card."		U	Scars of Mirrodin	155	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Golden Urn	1	1	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a charge counter on Golden Urn.
{T}, Sacrifice Golden Urn: You gain life equal to the number of charge counters on Golden Urn."			Scars of Mirrodin	158	common	Charles Urbach		
Horizon Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Horizon Spellbomb: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
When Horizon Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {G}. If you do, draw a card."		G	Scars of Mirrodin	165	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Origin Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Origin Spellbomb: Create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token.
When Origin Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {W}. If you do, draw a card."		W	Scars of Mirrodin	189	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Panic Spellbomb	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Panic Spellbomb: Target creature can't block this turn.
When Panic Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {R}. If you do, draw a card."		R	Scars of Mirrodin	191	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Sylvok Lifestaff	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature dies, you gain 3 life.
Equip {1}"			Scars of Mirrodin	209	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Vector Asp	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Snake	{B}: Vector Asp gains infect until end of turn. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)		B	Scars of Mirrodin	219	common	Erica Yang		
Ardent Recruit	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	Metalcraft ? Ardent Recruit gets +2/+2 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	2	common	Mike Bierek		
Horrifying Revelation	B	1	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card, then puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	45	common	Shelly Wan		
Copper Carapace	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and can't block.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Mirrodin Besieged	102	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Flayer Husk	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin Besieged	107	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Furnace Scamp	R	1	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Furnace Scamp deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, Furnace Scamp deals 3 damage to that player."	R	R	New Phyrexia	84	common	Karl Kopinski		
Viridian Harvest	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
When enchanted artifact is put into a graveyard, you gain 6 life."	G	G	New Phyrexia	125	common	Johann Bodin		
Gremlin Mine	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Gremlin Mine: It deals 4 damage to target artifact creature.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Gremlin Mine: Remove up to four charge counters from target noncreature artifact."			New Phyrexia	136	common	Matt Stewart		
Doomed Traveler	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Doomed Traveler dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Innistrad	11	common	Lars Grant-West		
Sensory Deprivation	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -3/-0."	U	U	Innistrad	74	common	Steven Belledin		
Silent Departure	U	1	Sorcery	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Flashback {4}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	75	common	John Avon		
Bump in the Night	B	1	Sorcery	"Target opponent loses 3 life.
Flashback {5}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	R	Innistrad	92	common	Kev Walker		
Ghoulcaller's Chant	B	1	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return two target Zombie cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Innistrad	101	common	Randy Gallegos		
Gruesome Deformity	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has intimidate. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Innistrad	103	common	Matt Stewart		
Furor of the Bitten	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Innistrad	143	common	Randy Gallegos		
Infernal Plunge	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Add {R}{R}{R}."	R	R	Innistrad	148	common	Daarken		
Avacyn's Pilgrim	G	1	Creature ? Human Monk	{T}: Add {W}.	G	W	Innistrad	170	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Caravan Vigil	G	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Morbid ? You may put that card onto the battlefield instead of putting it into your hand if a creature died this turn."	G	G	Innistrad	173	common	Drew Baker		
Ghoulcaller's Bell	1	1	Artifact	{T}: Each player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.			Innistrad	224	common	Lars Grant-West		
Burden of Guilt	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}: Tap enchanted creature."	W	W	Dark Ascension	4	common	John Stanko		
Sanctuary Cat	W	1	Creature ? Cat		W	W	Dark Ascension	19	common	David Palumbo		
Artful Dodge	U	1	Sorcery	"Target creature can't be blocked this turn.
Flashback {U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	27	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Cathedral Sanctifier	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Cathedral Sanctifier enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	11	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Midnight Duelist	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	Protection from Vampires	W	W	Avacyn Restored	27	common	Bud Cook		
Wingcrafter	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Wingcrafter is paired with another creature, both creatures have flying."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	83	common	Matt Stewart		
Ghoulflesh	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 and is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	103	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Hunted Ghoul	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	Hunted Ghoul can't block Humans.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	110	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Predator's Gambit	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1.
Enchanted creature has intimidate as long as its controller controls no other creatures. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	117	common	Zoltan Boros		
Guise of Fire	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/-1 and attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	137	common	Dave Kendall		
Pillar of Flame	R	1	Sorcery	"Pillar of Flame deals 2 damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	149	common	Karl Kopinski		
Somberwald Vigilante	R	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Somberwald Vigilante becomes blocked by a creature, Somberwald Vigilante deals 1 damage to that creature."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	156	common	John Stanko		
Diregraf Escort	G	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Diregraf Escort is paired with another creature, both creatures have protection from Zombies."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	174	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Bladed Bracers	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
As long as equipped creature is a Human or an Angel, it has vigilance.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Avacyn Restored	213	common	Ryan Yee		
Scroll of Avacyn	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice Scroll of Avacyn: Draw a card. If you control an Angel, you gain 5 life."			Avacyn Restored	220	common	Cliff Childs		
Scroll of Griselbrand	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice Scroll of Griselbrand: Target opponent discards a card. If you control a Demon, that player loses 3 life."			Avacyn Restored	221	common	Cliff Childs		
Trained Caracal	W	1	Creature ? Cat	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Return to Ravnica	27	common	James Ryman		
Deviant Glee	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has ""{R}: This creature gains trample until end of turn."""	B	R	Return to Ravnica	65	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Drainpipe Vermin	B	1	Creature ? Rat	"When Drainpipe Vermin dies, you may pay {B}. If you do, target player discards a card."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	66	common	Trevor Claxton		
Centaur's Herald	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout	"{2}{G}, Sacrifice Centaur's Herald: Create a 3/3 green Centaur creature token."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	118	common	Howard Lyon		
Urban Burgeoning	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""Untap this land during each other player's untap step."""	G	G	Return to Ravnica	138	common	Nic Klein		
Dutiful Thrull	W	1	Creature ? Thrull	{B}: Regenerate Dutiful Thrull.	W	W	Gatecrash	11	common	Daarken		
Guildscorn Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from multicolored."	W	W	Gatecrash	15	common	Ryan Barger		
Cloudfin Raptor	U	1	Creature ? Bird Mutant	"Flying
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	32	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Death's Approach	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is the number of creature cards in its controller's graveyard."	B	B	Gatecrash	62	common	Terese Nielsen		
Shadow Alley Denizen	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Whenever another black creature enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gains intimidate until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	76	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Mugging	R	1	Sorcery	Mugging deals 2 damage to target creature. That creature can't block this turn.	R	R	Gatecrash	102	common	Greg Staples		
Forced Adaptation	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature."	G	G	Gatecrash	120	common	Trevor Claxton		
Spire Tracer	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout	Spire Tracer can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.	G	G	Gatecrash	135	common	Christopher Moeller		
Skyblinder Staff	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and can't be blocked by creatures with flying.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Gatecrash	238	common	Mark Winters		
Wake the Reflections	W	1	Sorcery	Populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)	W	W	Dragon's Maze	10	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Sinister Possession	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks or blocks, its controller loses 2 life."	B	B	Dragon's Maze	29	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Hopeful Eidolon	W	1	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {3}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has lifelink."	W	W	Theros	19	common	Min Yum		
Aqueous Form	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked.
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Theros	39	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Triton Shorethief	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue		U	U	Theros	70	common	Howard Lyon		
Asphodel Wanderer	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton Soldier	{2}{B}: Regenerate Asphodel Wanderer.	B	B	Theros	77	common	Scott Chou		
Viper's Kiss	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	B	B	Theros	109	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Akroan Crusader	R	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Akroan Crusader, create a 1/1 red Soldier creature token with haste."	R	R	Theros	111	common	Johann Bodin		
Dragon Mantle	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Dragon Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Theros	119	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Messenger's Speed	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has trample and haste."	R	R	Theros	129	common	Clint Cearley		
Priest of Iroas	R	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{3}{W}, Sacrifice Priest of Iroas: Destroy target enchantment."	R	W	Theros	134	common	Clint Cearley		
Sedge Scorpion	G	1	Creature ? Scorpion	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	G	G	Theros	177	common	John Stanko		
Ephara's Radiance	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{1}{W}, {T}: You gain 3 life."""	W	W	Born of the Gods	9	common	James Ryman		
Nyxborn Shieldmate	W	1	Enchantment Creature ? Human Soldier	"Bestow {2}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2."	W	W	Born of the Gods	21	common	Eric Deschamps		
Evanescent Intellect	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{1}{U}, {T}: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."""	U	U	Born of the Gods	38	common	Dan Scott		
Epiphany Storm	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Draw a card."""	R	R	Born of the Gods	91	common	Clint Cearley		
Nyxborn Rollicker	R	1	Enchantment Creature ? Satyr	"Bestow {1}{R} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1."	R	R	Born of the Gods	102	common	Seb McKinnon		
Charging Badger	G	1	Creature ? Badger	Trample	G	G	Born of the Gods	118	common	Raoul Vitale		
Lagonna-Band Trailblazer	W	1	Creature ? Centaur Scout	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Lagonna-Band Trailblazer, put a +1/+1 counter on Lagonna-Band Trailblazer."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	14	common	James Zapata		
Mortal Obstinacy	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice Mortal Obstinacy. If you do, destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	17	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Triton Shorestalker	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	Triton Shorestalker can't be blocked.	U	U	Journey into Nyx	56	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Pharika's Chosen	B	1	Creature ? Snake	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Journey into Nyx	78	common	Jonas De Ro		
Flamespeaker's Will	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice Flamespeaker's Will. If you do, destroy target artifact."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	95	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Satyr Hoplite	R	1	Creature ? Satyr Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Satyr Hoplite, put a +1/+1 counter on Satyr Hoplite."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	110	common	Mark Zug		
Font of Fertility	G	1	Enchantment	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Font of Fertility: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	123	common	Jack Wang		
Renowned Weaver	G	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Renowned Weaver: Create a 1/3 green Spider enchantment creature token with reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Journey into Nyx	137	common	Yohann Schepacz		
Krark-Clan Shaman	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	Sacrifice an artifact: Krark-Clan Shaman deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.	R	R	Mirrodin	98	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Viridian Longbow	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target.""
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	270	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Ritual of Restoration	W	1	Sorcery	Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	W	W	Darksteel	13	common	Dany Orizio		
Arcbound Worker	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Modular 1 (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	104	common	Darrell Riche		
Serum Visions	U	1	Sorcery	Draw a card. Scry 2.	U	U	Fifth Dawn	36	common	Ben Thompson		
Conjurer's Bauble	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Conjurer's Bauble: Put up to one target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library. Draw a card."			Fifth Dawn	112	common	Darrell Riche		
Wayfarer's Bauble	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Wayfarer's Bauble: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Fifth Dawn	165	common	Darrell Riche		
Ethereal Haze	W	1	Instant ? Arcane	Prevent all damage that would be dealt by creatures this turn.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	9	common	Chris Appelhans		
Kitsune Diviner	W	1	Creature ? Fox Cleric	{T}: Tap target Spirit.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	26	common	Pete Venters		
Wandering Ones	U	1	Creature ? Spirit		U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	100	common	Heather Hudson		
Rag Dealer	B	1	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{2}{B}, {T}: Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	138	common	Ralph Horsley		
Lava Spike	R	1	Sorcery ? Arcane	Lava Spike deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	178	common	Mark Tedin		
Jukai Messenger	G	1	Creature ? Human Monk	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	218	common	Terese Nielsen		
Kami of False Hope	W	1	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Kami of False Hope: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	10	common	Daren Bader		
Stir the Grave	XB	1	Sorcery	Return target creature card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	85	common	Jim Nelson		
Goblin Cohort	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Goblin Cohort can't attack unless you've cast a creature spell this turn.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	106	common	Darrell Riche		
Into the Fray	R	1	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature attacks this turn if able.
Splice onto Arcane {R} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	106	common	Paolo Parente		
Sakura-Tribe Scout	G	1	Creature ? Snake Shaman Scout	{T}: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	144	common	Darrell Riche		
Caregiver	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, Sacrifice a creature: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	6	common	William Simpson		
Wild Cantor	R/G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"({R/G} can be paid with either {R} or {G}.)
Sacrifice Wild Cantor: Add one mana of any color."	R	R	Guildpact	149	common	Glenn Fabry		
Utopia Sprawl	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Forest
As Utopia Sprawl enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever enchanted Forest is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of the chosen color."	G	G	Dissension	99	common	Ron Spears		
Martyr of Sands	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}, Reveal X white cards from your hand, Sacrifice Martyr of Sands: You gain three times X life."	W	W	Coldsnap	15	common	Randy Gallegos		
Rimebound Dead	B	1	Snow Creature ? Skeleton	{S}: Regenerate Rimebound Dead. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)	B	B	Coldsnap	69	common	Dave Kendall		
Karplusan Wolverine	R	1	Snow Creature ? Wolverine Beast	"Whenever Karplusan Wolverine becomes blocked, you may have it deal 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Coldsnap	87	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Martyr of Ashes	R	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{2}, Reveal X red cards from your hand, Sacrifice Martyr of Ashes: Martyr of Ashes deals X damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Coldsnap	92	common	Ralph Horsley		
Chromatic Star	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Chromatic Star: Add one mana of any color.
When Chromatic Star is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."			Time Spiral	251	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Essence Warden	G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Planar Chaos	145	common	Terese Nielsen		
Goldmeadow Dodger	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Rogue	Goldmeadow Dodger can't be blocked by creatures with power 4 or greater.	W	W	Lorwyn	16	common	Omar Rayyan		
Peppersmoke	B	1	Tribal Instant ? Faerie	"Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. If you control a Faerie, draw a card."	B	B	Lorwyn	134	common	Rebecca Guay		
Raven's Crime	B	1	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	B	B	Eventide	41	common	Warren Mahy		
Nettle Sentinel	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Nettle Sentinel doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever you cast a green spell, you may untap Nettle Sentinel."	G	G	Eventide	71	common	Kev Walker		
Edge of the Divinity	W/B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is white, it gets +1/+2.
As long as enchanted creature is black, it gets +2/+1."	W	W	Eventide	87	common	Dan Scott		
Slippery Bogle	G/U	1	Creature ? Beast	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Eventide	160	common	Dave Allsop		
Relic of Progenitus	1	1	Artifact	"{T}: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard.
{1}, Exile Relic of Progenitus: Exile all cards from all graveyards. Draw a card."			Shards of Alara	218	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Scattershot Archer	G	1	Creature ? Elf Archer	{T}: Scattershot Archer deals 1 damage to each creature with flying.	G	G	Conflux	90	common	Steve Argyle		
Goblin Bushwhacker	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Kicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} as you cast this spell.)
When Goblin Bushwhacker enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Zendikar	125	common	Mark Tedin		
Expedition Map	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Expedition Map: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Zendikar	201	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Arbor Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Untap target Forest.	G	G	Worldwake	95	common	rk post		
Hyena Umbra	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has first strike.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	26	common	Howard Lyon		
Soul's Attendant	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	44	common	Steve Prescott		
Flame Slash	R	1	Sorcery	Flame Slash deals 4 damage to target creature.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	145	common	Raymond Swanland		
Ancient Stirrings	G	1	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a colorless card from among them and put it into your hand. Then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. (Cards with no colored mana in their mana costs are colorless. Lands are also colorless.)	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	174	common	Vincent Proce		
Trace of Abundance	R/WG	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of any color."	R	W	Alara Reborn	142	common	Dave Kendall		
Bant Sureblade	G/UW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As long as you control another multicolored permanent, Bant Sureblade gets +1/+1 and has first strike."	W	W	Alara Reborn	143	common	Michael Komarck		
Crystallization	G/UW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
When enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, exile that creature."	W	W	Alara Reborn	144	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Cliff Threader	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Scout	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	W	W	Zendikar	7	common	Paul Bonner		
Kor Outfitter	WW	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"When Kor Outfitter enters the battlefield, you may attach target Equipment you control to target creature you control."	W	W	Zendikar	21	common	Kieran Yanner		
Kor Skyfisher	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"Flying
When Kor Skyfisher enters the battlefield, return a permanent you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Zendikar	23	common	Dan Scott		
Nimbus Wings	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has flying."	W	W	Zendikar	28	common	Chris Rahn		
Ondu Cleric	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Cleric Ally	"Whenever Ondu Cleric or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain life equal to the number of Allies you control."	W	W	Zendikar	30	common	Jim Murray		
Ior Ruin Expedition	1U	2	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Ior Ruin Expedition.
Remove three quest counters from Ior Ruin Expedition and sacrifice it: Draw two cards."	U	U	Zendikar	49	common	Chris Rahn		
Tempest Owl	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Kicker {4}{U} (You may pay an additional {4}{U} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Tempest Owl enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, tap up to three target permanents."	U	U	Zendikar	72	common	Dan Scott		
Trapfinder's Trick	1U	2	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand and discards all Trap cards.	U	U	Zendikar	73	common	Philip Straub		
Blood Seeker	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, you may have that player lose 1 life."	B	B	Zendikar	80	common	Greg Staples		
Grim Discovery	1B	2	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Zendikar	91	common	Christopher Moeller		
Surrakar Marauder	1B	2	Creature ? Surrakar	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Surrakar Marauder gains intimidate until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Zendikar	113	common	Kev Walker		
Goblin Shortcutter	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Scout	"When Goblin Shortcutter enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Zendikar	128	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Highland Berserker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker Ally	"Whenever Highland Berserker or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Ally creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Zendikar	132	common	Chris Rahn		
Plated Geopede	1R	2	Creature ? Insect	"First strike
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Plated Geopede gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Zendikar	141	common	Eric Deschamps		
Zektar Shrine Expedition	1R	2	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Zektar Shrine Expedition.
Remove three quest counters from Zektar Shrine Expedition and sacrifice it: Create a 7/1 red Elemental creature token with trample and haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Zendikar	155	common	Justin Sweet		
Nissa's Chosen	GG	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"If Nissa's Chosen would die, put it on the bottom of its owner's library instead."	G	G	Zendikar	171	common	Jaime Jones		
Oran-Rief Survivalist	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior Ally	"Whenever Oran-Rief Survivalist or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Oran-Rief Survivalist."	G	G	Zendikar	174	common	Kev Walker		
Hedron Scrabbler	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Hedron Scrabbler gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Zendikar	204	common	Jason Felix		
Halimar Excavator	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard Ally	"Whenever Halimar Excavator or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of Allies you control."	U	U	Worldwake	29	common	Kev Walker		
Bojuka Brigand	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior Ally	"Bojuka Brigand can't block.
Whenever Bojuka Brigand or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Bojuka Brigand."	B	B	Worldwake	51	common	Johann Bodin		
Corrupted Zendikon	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 3/3 black Ooze creature. It's still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	B	B	Worldwake	55	common	John Avon		
Ruthless Cullblade	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	Ruthless Cullblade gets +2/+1 as long as an opponent has 10 or less life.	B	B	Worldwake	65	common	rk post		
Akoum Battlesinger	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker Ally	"Haste
Whenever Akoum Battlesinger or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Ally creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Worldwake	71	common	Adi Granov		
Gnarlid Pack	1G	2	Creature ? Beast	"Multikicker {1}{G} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Gnarlid Pack enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked."	G	G	Worldwake	101	common	Johann Bodin		
Kitesail	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has flying.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Worldwake	126	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Walking Atlas	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.			Worldwake	131	common	Rob Alexander		
Eland Umbra	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+4.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	19	common	Howard Lyon		
Kor Line-Slinger	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Scout	{T}: Tap target creature with power 3 or less.	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	30	common	Steve Prescott		
Lone Missionary	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Monk	"When Lone Missionary enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	34	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Stalwart Shield-Bearers	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Defender
Other creatures you control with defender get +0/+2."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	46	common	Austin Hsu		
Champion's Drake	1U	2	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Champion's Drake gets +3/+3 as long as you control a creature with three or more level counters on it."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	56	common	Lars Grant-West		
Eel Umbra	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	65	common	Howard Lyon		
Merfolk Observer	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"When Merfolk Observer enters the battlefield, look at the top card of target player's library."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	76	common	Anthony Francisco		
Narcolepsy	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of each upkeep, if enchanted creature is untapped, tap it."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	79	common	Johann Bodin		
See Beyond	1U	2	Sorcery	"Draw two cards, then shuffle a card from your hand into your library."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	86	common	Andrew Robinson		
Bloodthrone Vampire	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire	Sacrifice a creature: Bloodthrone Vampire gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	98	common	Steve Argyle		
Contaminated Ground	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a Swamp.
Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, its controller loses 2 life."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	102	common	Rob Alexander		
Shrivel	1B	2	Sorcery	All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	126	common	Jung Park		
Brood Birthing	1R	2	Sorcery	"If you control an Eldrazi Spawn, create three 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."" Otherwise, create one of those tokens."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	138	common	Anthony Francisco		
Goblin Tunneler	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	{T}: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	148	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Grotag Siege-Runner	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"{R}, Sacrifice Grotag Siege-Runner: Destroy target creature with defender. Grotag Siege-Runner deals 2 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	149	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Kiln Fiend	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Beast	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Kiln Fiend gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	153	common	Adi Granov		
Ogre Sentry	1R	2	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	Defender	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	159	common	Eric Deschamps		
Overgrown Battlement	1G	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{T}: Add {G} for each creature with defender you control."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	203	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Auriok Sunchaser	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Metalcraft ? As long as you control three or more artifacts, Auriok Sunchaser gets +2/+2 and has flying."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	4	common	James Ryman		
Revoke Existence	1W	2	Sorcery	Exile target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	18	common	Allen Williams		
Sunspear Shikari	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"As long as Sunspear Shikari is equipped, it has first strike and lifelink."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	23	common	Allen Williams		
Plated Seastrider	UU	2	Creature ? Beast		U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	38	common	Izzy		
Screeching Silcaw	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Metalcraft ? Whenever Screeching Silcaw deals combat damage to a player, if you control three or more artifacts, that player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	42	common	Mike Bierek		
Dross Hopper	1B	2	Creature ? Insect Horror	Sacrifice a creature: Dross Hopper gains flying until end of turn.	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	60	common	Dave Allsop		
Plague Stinger	1B	2	Creature ? Insect Horror	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	75	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Psychic Miasma	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card. If a land card is discarded this way, return Psychic Miasma to its owner's hand."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	76	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Oxidda Daredevil	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	Sacrifice an artifact: Oxidda Daredevil gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	100	common	Pete Venters		
Blight Mamba	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate Blight Mamba."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	112	common	Drew Baker		
Bladed Pinions	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has flying and first strike.
Equip {2}"			Scars of Mirrodin	140	common	Steve Argyle		
Echo Circlet	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature can block an additional creature each combat.
Equip {1}"			Scars of Mirrodin	153	common	Daarken		
Glint Hawk Idol	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Glint Hawk Idol become a 2/2 Bird artifact creature with flying until end of turn.
{W}: Glint Hawk Idol becomes a 2/2 Bird artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		W	Scars of Mirrodin	156	common	Dave Allsop		
Ichorclaw Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Whenever Ichorclaw Myr becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."			Scars of Mirrodin	166	common	Eric Deschamps		
Perilous Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"When Perilous Myr dies, it deals 2 damage to any target."			Scars of Mirrodin	192	common	Jason Felix		
Wall of Tanglecord	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{G}: Wall of Tanglecord gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)"		G	Scars of Mirrodin	222	common	Vance Kovacs		
Oculus	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus	"When Oculus dies, you may draw a card."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	29	common	Dan Scott		
Flensermite	1B	2	Creature ? Gremlin	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	41	common	Dave Allsop		
Phyresis	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has infect. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	49	common	Izzy		
Viridian Emissary	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Viridian Emissary dies, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	95	common	Matt Stewart		
Gust-Skimmer	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Insect	{U}: Gust-Skimmer gains flying until end of turn.		U	Mirrodin Besieged	108	common	Dan Scott		
Myr Sire	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"When Myr Sire dies, create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token."			Mirrodin Besieged	116	common	Jaime Jones		
Forced Worship	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack.
{2}{W}: Return Forced Worship to its owner's hand."	W	W	New Phyrexia	11	common	Karl Kopinski		
Suture Priest	1W	2	Creature ? Cleric	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain 1 life.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, you may have that player lose 1 life."	W	W	New Phyrexia	25	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Death-Hood Cobra	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"{1}{G}: Death-Hood Cobra gains reach until end of turn.
{1}{G}: Death-Hood Cobra gains deathtouch until end of turn."	G	G	New Phyrexia	108	common	Jason Felix		
Hovermyr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Flying, vigilance"			New Phyrexia	138	common	Dan Scott		
Immolating Souleater	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Hound	{R/P}: Immolating Souleater gets +1/+0 until end of turn. ({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)		R	New Phyrexia	139	common	Austin Hsu		
Mycosynth Wellspring	2	2	Artifact	"When Mycosynth Wellspring enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			New Phyrexia	145	common	David Rapoza		
Avacynian Priest	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}, {T}: Tap target non-Human creature."	W	W	Innistrad	4	common	Greg Staples		
Bonds of Faith	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as it's a Human. Otherwise, it can't attack or block."	W	W	Innistrad	5	common	Steve Argyle		
Silverchase Fox	1W	2	Creature ? Fox	"{1}{W}, Sacrifice Silverchase Fox: Exile target enchantment."	W	W	Innistrad	31	common	Howard Lyon		
Deranged Assistant	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Put the top card of your library into your graveyard: Add {C}."	U	U	Innistrad	52	common	Nils Hamm		
Spectral Flight	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying."	U	U	Innistrad	79	common	Johann Bodin		
Stitcher's Apprentice	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus	"{1}{U}, {T}: Create a 2/2 blue Homunculus creature token, then sacrifice a creature."	U	U	Innistrad	81	common	Johann Bodin		
Manor Skeleton	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton	"Haste
{1}{B}: Regenerate Manor Skeleton."	B	B	Innistrad	106	common	Eric Deschamps		
Skeletal Grimace	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ""{B}: Regenerate this creature."""	B	B	Innistrad	116	common	Eric Deschamps		
Vampire Interloper	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Scout	"Flying
Vampire Interloper can't block."	B	B	Innistrad	123	common	James Ryman		
Ashmouth Hound	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"Whenever Ashmouth Hound blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Ashmouth Hound deals 1 damage to that creature."	R	R	Innistrad	128	common	Daarken		
Bloodcrazed Neonate	1R	2	Creature ? Vampire	"Bloodcrazed Neonate attacks each combat if able.
Whenever Bloodcrazed Neonate deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Innistrad	131	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Nightbird's Clutches	1R	2	Sorcery	"Up to two target creatures can't block this turn.
Flashback {3}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Innistrad	154	common	Jason A. Engle		
Ambush Viper	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Innistrad	169	common	Alan Pollack		
Darkthicket Wolf	1G	2	Creature ? Wolf	{2}{G}: Darkthicket Wolf gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Innistrad	175	common	Wayne England		
Travel Preparations	1G	2	Sorcery	"Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.
Flashback {1}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	W	Innistrad	206	common	Vincent Proce		
Wooden Stake	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature blocks or becomes blocked by a Vampire, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Innistrad	237	common	David Palumbo		
Gather the Townsfolk	1W	2	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 white Human creature tokens.
Fateful hour ? If you have 5 or less life, create five of those tokens instead."	W	W	Dark Ascension	8	common	Dan Scott		
Shriekgeist	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Shriekgeist deals combat damage to a player, that player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Dark Ascension	49	common	Raymond Swanland		
Highborn Ghoul	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie	Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)	B	B	Dark Ascension	68	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Spiteful Shadows	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to its controller."	B	B	Dark Ascension	75	common	John Stanko		
Dawntreader Elk	1G	2	Creature ? Elk	"{G}, Sacrifice Dawntreader Elk: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Dark Ascension	111	common	John Avon		
Somberwald Dryad	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Dark Ascension	126	common	Jaime Jones		
Executioner's Hood	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has intimidate. (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Dark Ascension	148	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Call to Serve	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant nonblack creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2, has flying, and is an Angel in addition to its other types."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	9	common	Jaime Jones		
Defang	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Prevent all damage that would be dealt by enchanted creature."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	15	common	Steven Belledin		
Moorland Inquisitor	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	{2}{W}: Moorland Inquisitor gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	30	common	David Palumbo		
Thraben Valiant	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance	W	W	Avacyn Restored	39	common	Jason Chan		
Alchemist's Apprentice	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	Sacrifice Alchemist's Apprentice: Draw a card.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	42	common	David Palumbo		
Spectral Prison	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
When enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell, sacrifice Spectral Prison."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	75	common	Vincent Proce		
Kruin Striker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Kruin Striker gets +1/+0 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	143	common	Christopher Moeller		
Malicious Intent	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Target creature can't block this turn."""	R	R	Avacyn Restored	147	common	Kev Walker		
Scalding Devil	1R	2	Creature ? Devil	{2}{R}: Scalding Devil deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Avacyn Restored	155	common	Erica Yang		
Grounded	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses flying."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	181	common	Greg Staples		
Nightshade Peddler	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Nightshade Peddler is paired with another creature, both creatures have deathtouch."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	187	common	John Stanko		
Timberland Guide	1G	2	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Timberland Guide enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	197	common	Zoltan Boros		
Wandering Wolf	1G	2	Creature ? Wolf	Creatures with power less than Wandering Wolf's power can't block it.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	202	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Vanguard's Shield	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+3 and can block an additional creature each combat.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Avacyn Restored	223	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Azorius Arrester	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Azorius Arrester enters the battlefield, detain target creature an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that creature can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	5	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Keening Apparition	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Keening Apparition: Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	12	common	Terese Nielsen		
Chronic Flooding	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, its controller puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	32	common	Scott Chou		
Crosstown Courier	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken	"Whenever Crosstown Courier deals combat damage to a player, that player puts that many cards from the top of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	34	common	Chase Stone		
Doorkeeper	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus	"Defender
{2}{U}, {T}: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of creatures with defender you control."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	37	common	Kev Walker		
Inaction Injunction	1U	2	Sorcery	"Detain target creature an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that creature can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	41	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Daggerdrome Imp	1B	2	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Return to Ravnica	60	common	Jack Wang		
Grim Roustabout	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)
{1}{B}: Regenerate Grim Roustabout."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	68	common	Steven Belledin		
Gore-House Chainwalker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)	R	R	Return to Ravnica	96	common	Dan Scott		
Pursuit of Flight	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""{U}: This creature gains flying until end of turn."""	R	U	Return to Ravnica	102	common	Christopher Moeller		
Drudge Beetle	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	"Scavenge {5}{G} ({5}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	122	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Gatecreeper Vine	1G	2	Creature ? Plant	"Defender
When Gatecreeper Vine enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card or a Gate card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	124	common	Trevor Claxton		
Search Warrant	WU	2	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You gain life equal to the number of cards in that player's hand.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	193	common	Steven Belledin		
Frostburn Weird	U/RU/R	2	Creature ? Weird	{U/R}: Frostburn Weird gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	U	U	Return to Ravnica	215	common	Mike Bierek		
Rakdos Shred-Freak	B/RB/R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	Haste	R	R	Return to Ravnica	221	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Daring Skyjek	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Battalion ? Whenever Daring Skyjek and at least two other creatures attack, Daring Skyjek gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	9	common	Jason Chan		
Syndic of Tithes	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	W	W	Gatecrash	26	common	Steve Prescott		
Frilled Oculus	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus	{1}{G}: Frilled Oculus gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	U	U	Gatecrash	35	common	Marco Nelor		
Hands of Binding	1U	2	Sorcery	"Tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	37	common	Raymond Swanland		
Metropolis Sprite	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
{U}: Metropolis Sprite gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	U	U	Gatecrash	42	common	Scott Chou		
Skygames	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."""	U	U	Gatecrash	51	common	Sam Burley		
Basilica Screecher	1B	2	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	58	common	Christine Choi		
Gutter Skulk	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Rat		B	B	Gatecrash	67	common	Mark Winters		
Bomber Corps	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Bomber Corps and at least two other creatures attack, Bomber Corps deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Gatecrash	86	common	Chase Stone		
Madcap Skills	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and has menace."	R	R	Gatecrash	98	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Skinbrand Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Bloodrush ? {R}, Discard Skinbrand Goblin: Target attacking creature gets +2/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	105	common	Marco Nelor		
Disciple of the Old Ways	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	{R}: Disciple of the Old Ways gains first strike until end of turn.	G	R	Gatecrash	118	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Greenside Watcher	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Untap target Gate.	G	G	Gatecrash	122	common	Ryan Barger		
Paranoid Delusions	UB	2	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	186	common	Christopher Moeller		
Shambleshark	GU	2	Creature ? Fish Crab	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	193	common	Wesley Burt		
Wojek Halberdiers	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Wojek Halberdiers and at least two other creatures attack, Wojek Halberdiers gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	208	common	Nic Klein		
Razortip Whip	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Razortip Whip deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."			Gatecrash	235	common	James Paick		
Riot Gear	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+2.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Gatecrash	236	common	Jack Wang		
Boros Mastiff	1W	2	Creature ? Hound	"Battalion ? Whenever Boros Mastiff and at least two other creatures attack, Boros Mastiff gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	1	common	Kev Walker		
Lyev Decree	1W	2	Sorcery	"Detain up to two target creatures your opponents control. (Until your next turn, those creatures can't attack or block and their activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	3	common	Kev Walker		
Hidden Strings	1U	2	Sorcery	"You may tap or untap target permanent, then you may tap or untap another target permanent.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragon's Maze	12	common	Daarken		
Murmuring Phantasm	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	Defender	U	U	Dragon's Maze	15	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Runner's Bane	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature with power 3 or less
When Runner's Bane enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	17	common	Karl Kopinski		
Bane Alley Blackguard	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue		B	B	Dragon's Maze	21	common	Mike Bierek		
Riot Piker	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"First strike
Riot Piker attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	37	common	Christopher Moeller		
Kraul Warrior	1G	2	Creature ? Insect Warrior	{5}{G}: Kraul Warrior gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	G	G	Dragon's Maze	42	common	David Rapoza		
Phytoburst	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn.	G	G	Dragon's Maze	46	common	Izzy		
Deputy of Acquittals	WU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Deputy of Acquittals enters the battlefield, you may return another target creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	65	common	James Ryman		
Drown in Filth	BG	2	Sorcery	"Choose target creature. Put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard, then that creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each land card in your graveyard."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	67	common	Seb McKinnon		
Tithe Drinker	WB	2	Creature ? Vampire	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	109	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Zhur-Taa Druid	RG	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"{T}: Add {G}.
Whenever you tap Zhur-Taa Druid for mana, it deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	120	common	Mark Winters		
Cavalry Pegasus	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying
Whenever Cavalry Pegasus attacks, each attacking Human gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Theros	2	common	Kev Walker		
Chosen by Heliod	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Chosen by Heliod enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2."	W	W	Theros	5	common	Zack Stella		
Leonin Snarecaster	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"When Leonin Snarecaster enters the battlefield, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Theros	23	common	Kev Walker		
Setessan Battle Priest	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Setessan Battle Priest, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Theros	29	common	Wesley Burt		
Traveling Philosopher	1W	2	Creature ? Human Advisor		W	W	Theros	34	common	James Ryman		
Fate Foretold	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Fate Foretold enters the battlefield, draw a card.
When enchanted creature dies, its controller draws a card."	U	U	Theros	48	common	Dan Scott		
Vaporkin	1U	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Vaporkin can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Theros	72	common	Seb McKinnon		
Baleful Eidolon	1B	2	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {4}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has deathtouch."	B	B	Theros	78	common	Min Yum		
Fleshmad Steed	1B	2	Creature ? Horse	"Whenever another creature dies, tap Fleshmad Steed."	B	B	Theros	88	common	Robbie Trevino		
Returned Phalanx	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"Defender
{1}{U}: Returned Phalanx can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender."	B	U	Theros	104	common	Seb McKinnon		
Scourgemark	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Scourgemark enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0."	B	B	Theros	105	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Deathbellow Raider	1R	2	Creature ? Minotaur Berserker	"Deathbellow Raider attacks each combat if able.
{2}{B}: Regenerate Deathbellow Raider."	R	R	Theros	117	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Satyr Rambler	1R	2	Creature ? Satyr	Trample	R	R	Theros	139	common	John Stanko		
Leafcrown Dryad	1G	2	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph Dryad	"Bestow {3}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Reach
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has reach."	G	G	Theros	161	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Nylea's Presence	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Nylea's Presence enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted land is every basic land type in addition to its other types."	G	G	Theros	169	common	Ralph Horsley		
Satyr Hedonist	1G	2	Creature ? Satyr	"{R}, Sacrifice Satyr Hedonist: Add {R}{R}{R}."	G	R	Theros	174	common	Chase Stone		
Voyaging Satyr	1G	2	Creature ? Satyr Druid	{T}: Untap target land.	G	G	Theros	182	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Fleetfeather Sandals	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has flying and haste.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Theros	216	common	Steve Prescott		
Akroan Skyguard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Akroan Skyguard, put a +1/+1 counter on Akroan Skyguard."	W	W	Born of the Gods	3	common	Mark Winters		
Oreskos Sun Guide	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Monk	"Inspired ? Whenever Oreskos Sun Guide becomes untapped, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Born of the Gods	22	common	Mathias Kollros		
Deepwater Hypnotist	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Inspired ? Whenever Deepwater Hypnotist becomes untapped, target creature an opponent controls gets -3/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Born of the Gods	35	common	Christopher Moeller		
Claim of Erebos	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{1}{B}, {T}: Target player loses 2 life."""	B	B	Born of the Gods	64	common	Zack Stella		
Felhide Brawler	1B	2	Creature ? Minotaur	Felhide Brawler can't block unless you control another Minotaur.	B	B	Born of the Gods	70	common	Nils Hamm		
Nyxborn Eidolon	1B	2	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {4}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1."	B	B	Born of the Gods	78	common	Nils Hamm		
Impetuous Sunchaser	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying, haste
Impetuous Sunchaser attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Born of the Gods	99	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Reckless Reveler	1R	2	Creature ? Satyr	"{R}, Sacrifice Reckless Reveler: Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Born of the Gods	106	common	Mike Sass		
Scouring Sands	1R	2	Sorcery	Scouring Sands deals 1 damage to each creature your opponents control. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Born of the Gods	110	common	Jonas De Ro		
Karametra's Favor	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Karametra's Favor enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Born of the Gods	125	common	Chase Stone		
Swordwise Centaur	GG	2	Creature ? Centaur Warrior		G	G	Born of the Gods	142	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Font of Vigor	1W	2	Enchantment	"{2}{W}, Sacrifice Font of Vigor: You gain 7 life."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	11	common	Noah Bradley		
Stonewise Fortifier	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{4}{W}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Stonewise Fortifier by target creature this turn.	W	W	Journey into Nyx	27	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Font of Fortunes	1U	2	Enchantment	"{1}{U}, Sacrifice Font of Fortunes: Draw two cards."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	38	common	Jonas De Ro		
Pin to the Earth	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -6/-0."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	45	common	Johann Bodin		
Bloodcrazed Hoplite	1B	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Bloodcrazed Hoplite, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever a +1/+1 counter is put on Bloodcrazed Hoplite, remove a +1/+1 counter from target creature an opponent controls."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	61	common	Jeff Simpson		
Cast into Darkness	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-0 and can't block."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	63	common	Clint Cearley		
Font of Return	1B	2	Enchantment	"{3}{B}, Sacrifice Font of Return: Return up to three target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	71	common	Daarken		
Returned Reveler	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Satyr	"When Returned Reveler dies, each player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	79	common	Allen Williams		
Font of Ire	1R	2	Enchantment	"{3}{R}, Sacrifice Font of Ire: It deals 5 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	97	common	Zack Stella		
Sigiled Skink	1R	2	Creature ? Lizard	"Whenever Sigiled Skink attacks, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	R	R	Journey into Nyx	111	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Golden Hind	1G	2	Creature ? Elk	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Journey into Nyx	124	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Satyr Grovedancer	1G	2	Creature ? Satyr Shaman	"When Satyr Grovedancer enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	139	common	Jason A. Engle		
Wrench Mind	BB	2	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards unless they discard an artifact card.	B	B	Mirrodin	84	common	Pete Venters		
Grimclaw Bats	1B	2	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
{B}, Pay 1 life: Grimclaw Bats gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Darksteel	45	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Pentad Prism	2	2	Artifact	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Remove a charge counter from Pentad Prism: Add one mana of any color."			Fifth Dawn	143	common	David Martin		
Eye of Nowhere	UU	2	Sorcery ? Arcane	Return target permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	59	common	Alan Pollack		
Hisoka's Guard	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"You may choose not to untap Hisoka's Guard during your untap step.
{1}{U}, {T}: Target creature you control other than Hisoka's Guard has shroud for as long as Hisoka's Guard remains tapped. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	68	common	Wayne England		
Ashen-Skin Zubera	1B	2	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Ashen-Skin Zubera dies, target opponent discards a card for each Zubera that died this turn."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	101	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Cruel Deceiver	1B	2	Creature ? Spirit	"{1}: Look at the top card of your library.
{2}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, Cruel Deceiver gains ""Whenever Cruel Deceiver deals damage to a creature, destroy that creature"" until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	106	common	Nottsuo		
Desperate Ritual	1R	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Add {R}{R}{R}.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{R} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	163	common	Darrell Riche		
Ember-Fist Zubera	1R	2	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Ember-Fist Zubera dies, it deals damage to any target equal to the number of Zubera that died this turn."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	166	common	Ron Spencer		
Yamabushi's Storm	1R	2	Sorcery	"Yamabushi's Storm deals 1 damage to each creature. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	199	common	Wayne England		
Sakura-Tribe Elder	1G	2	Creature ? Snake Shaman	"Sacrifice Sakura-Tribe Elder: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	239	common	Carl Critchlow		
Blademane Baku	1R	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a ki counter on Blademane Baku.
{1}, Remove X ki counters from Blademane Baku: For each counter removed, Blademane Baku gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	95	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Ideas Unbound	UU	2	Sorcery ? Arcane	Draw three cards. Discard three cards at the beginning of the next end step.	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	40	common	Mark Tedin		
Raving Oni-Slave	1B	2	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"When Raving Oni-Slave enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, you lose 3 life if you don't control a Demon."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	86	common	Eric Polak		
Akki Underling	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"As long as you have seven or more cards in hand, Akki Underling gets +2/+1 and has first strike."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	93	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Courier Hawk	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	12	common	Mark Poole		
Farseek	1G	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for a Plains, Island, Swamp, or Mountain card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	163	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Dimir Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {U}{B}."		U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	260	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Silhana Ledgewalker	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Rogue	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Silhana Ledgewalker can't be blocked except by creatures with flying."	G	G	Guildpact	94	common	James Wong		
Castigate	WB	2	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.	W	W	Guildpact	106	common	Darrell Riche		
Izzet Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {U}{R}."		U	Guildpact	152	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Azorius First-Wing	WU	2	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying, protection from enchantments"	W	W	Dissension	105	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Azorius Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {W}{U}."		W	Dissension	159	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Rakdos Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {B}{R}."		R	Dissension	165	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Simic Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {G}{U}."		U	Dissension	166	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Goblin Skycutter	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Sacrifice Goblin Skycutter: It deals 2 damage to target creature with flying. That creature loses flying until end of turn.	R	R	Time Spiral	159	common	Clint Langley		
Mogg War Marshal	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Echo {1}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Mogg War Marshal enters the battlefield or dies, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token."	R	R	Time Spiral	170	common	Wayne England		
Sinew Sliver	1W	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +1/+1.	W	W	Planar Chaos	30	common	Steven Belledin		
Keldon Marauders	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Vanishing 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Keldon Marauders enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Planar Chaos	102	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Lost Hours	1B	2	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player puts that card into their library third from the top.	B	B	Future Sight	69	common	Jon Foster		
Spellstutter Sprite	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
When Spellstutter Sprite enters the battlefield, counter target spell with converted mana cost X or less, where X is the number of Faeries you control."	U	U	Lorwyn	89	common	Rebecca Guay		
Boggart Sprite-Chaser	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"As long as you control a Faerie, Boggart Sprite-Chaser gets +1/+1 and has flying."	R	R	Lorwyn	156	common	Mark Poole		
Order of the Golden Cricket	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Knight	"Whenever Order of the Golden Cricket attacks, you may pay {W}. If you do, it gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Morningtide	19	common	Mark Zug		
Pulling Teeth	1B	2	Sorcery	"Clash with an opponent. If you win, target player discards two cards. Otherwise, that player discards a card. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	B	B	Morningtide	75	common	Jim Pavelec		
Safehold Sentry	1W	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"{2}{W}, {Q}: Safehold Sentry gets +0/+2 until end of turn. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	22	common	William O'Connor		
Rite of Consumption	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Rite of Consumption deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to target player or planeswalker. You gain life equal to the damage dealt this way."	B	B	Shadowmoor	76	common	Ron Spencer		
Devoted Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add {G}.
Put a -1/-1 counter on Devoted Druid: Untap Devoted Druid."	G	G	Shadowmoor	110	common	Darrell Riche		
Gleeful Sabotage	1G	2	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	G	G	Shadowmoor	116	common	Todd Lockwood		
Curse of Chains	1W/U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of each upkeep, tap enchanted creature."	W	W	Shadowmoor	139	common	Drew Tucker		
Scarscale Ritual	1U/B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, put a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control.
Draw two cards."	U	U	Shadowmoor	175	common	Richard Sardinha		
Sootstoke Kindler	1B/R	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Haste
{T}: Target black or red creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	195	common	Mark Zug		
Soul Reap	1B	2	Sorcery	Destroy target nongreen creature. Its controller loses 3 life if you've cast another black spell this turn.	B	B	Eventide	44	common	Izzy		
Battlegate Mimic	1R/W	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever you cast a spell that's both red and white, Battlegate Mimic has base power and toughness 4/2 until end of turn and gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Eventide	133	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Sighted-Caste Sorcerer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{U}: Sighted-Caste Sorcerer gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	26	common	Chris Rahn		
Blister Beetle	1B	2	Creature ? Insect	"When Blister Beetle enters the battlefield, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Shards of Alara	66	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Darklit Gargoyle	1W	2	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
{B}: Darklit Gargoyle gets +2/-1 until end of turn."	W	W	Conflux	7	common	Howard Lyon		
Qasali Pridemage	GW	2	Creature ? Cat Wizard	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{1}, Sacrifice Qasali Pridemage: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Alara Reborn	75	common	Chris Rahn		
Jund Hackblade	B/GR	2	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"As long as you control another multicolored permanent, Jund Hackblade gets +1/+1 and has haste."	R	R	Alara Reborn	138	common	Dan Dos Santos		
Sangrite Backlash	B/GR	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/-3."	R	R	Alara Reborn	139	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Journey to Nowhere	1W	2	Enchantment	"When Journey to Nowhere enters the battlefield, exile target creature.
When Journey to Nowhere leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Zendikar	14	common	Warren Mahy		
Spreading Seas	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Spreading Seas enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted land is an Island."	U	U	Zendikar	70	common	Jung Park		
Khalni Heart Expedition	1G	2	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Khalni Heart Expedition.
Remove three quest counters from Khalni Heart Expedition and sacrifice it: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Zendikar	167	common	Jason Chan		
Fledgling Griffin	1W	2	Creature ? Griffin	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Fledgling Griffin gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Worldwake	5	common	Christopher Moeller		
Marsh Threader	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Scout	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	W	W	Worldwake	14	common	David Palumbo		
Treasure Hunt	1U	2	Sorcery	"Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card, then put all cards revealed this way into your hand."	U	U	Worldwake	42	common	Daren Bader		
Explore	1G	2	Sorcery	"You may play an additional land this turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Worldwake	99	common	John Avon		
Grappler Spider	1G	2	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Worldwake	102	common	Austin Hsu		
Nest Invader	1G	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"When Nest Invader enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	201	common	Trevor Claxton		
Carapace Forger	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Artificer	Metalcraft ? Carapace Forger gets +2/+2 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	114	common	Matt Cavotta		
Ichor Wellspring	2	2	Artifact	"When Ichor Wellspring enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."			Mirrodin Besieged	110	common	Steven Belledin		
Lost Leonin	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	W	W	New Phyrexia	13	common	Min Yum		
Blighted Agent	1U	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Blighted Agent can't be blocked."	U	U	New Phyrexia	29	common	Anthony Francisco		
Vault Skirge	1B/P	2	Artifact Creature ? Imp	"({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)
Flying
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	B	B	New Phyrexia	76	common	Brad Rigney		
Curse of the Pierced Heart	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, Curse of the Pierced Heart deals 1 damage to that player or a planeswalker that player controls."	R	R	Innistrad	138	common	E. M. Gist		
Talons of Falkenrath	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{1}{R}: This creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Dark Ascension	105	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Butcher Ghoul	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	89	common	Christopher Moeller		
Commune with the Gods	1G	2	Sorcery	Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature or enchantment card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Theros	155	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Kinsbaile Skirmisher	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"When Kinsbaile Skirmisher enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	24	common	Thomas Denmark		
Leaf Gilder	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Lorwyn	227	common	Quinton Hoover		
Dragon Fodder	1R	2	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.	R	R	Shards of Alara	97	common	Jaime Jones		
Elvish Visionary	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Elvish Visionary enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Shards of Alara	130	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Welkin Tern	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Welkin Tern can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Zendikar	76	common	Austin Hsu		
Goblin War Paint	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has haste."	R	R	Zendikar	129	common	Austin Hsu		
Prophetic Prism	2	2	Artifact	"When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Rise of the Eldrazi	222	common	John Avon		
Unruly Mob	1W	2	Creature ? Human	"Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Unruly Mob."	W	W	Innistrad	39	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Screeching Skaab	1U	2	Creature ? Zombie	"When Screeching Skaab enters the battlefield, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard."	U	U	Dark Ascension	47	common	Clint Cearley		
Black Cat	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Cat	"When Black Cat dies, target opponent discards a card at random."	B	B	Dark Ascension	54	common	David Palumbo		
Torch Fiend	1R	2	Creature ? Devil	"{R}, Sacrifice Torch Fiend: Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Dark Ascension	106	common	Winona Nelson		
Bronze Sable	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Sable				Theros	212	common	Jasper Sandner		
Stratus Walk	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Stratus Walk enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has flying. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Enchanted creature can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Born of the Gods	52	common	Aaron Miller		
Satyr Wayfinder	1G	2	Creature ? Satyr	"When Satyr Wayfinder enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard."	G	G	Born of the Gods	136	common	Steve Prescott		
Sigiled Starfish	1U	2	Creature ? Starfish	{T}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Journey into Nyx	52	common	Nils Hamm		
Phantom Wings	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Sacrifice Phantom Wings: Return enchanted creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	46	common	Greg Staples		
Fertile Ground	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of any color."	G	G	Lorwyn	211	common	Mark Tedin		
Elvish Warrior	GG	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior		G	G	Morningtide	120	common	Kev Walker		
Glory Seeker	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	22	common	Matt Cavotta		
Copper Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add {G}.		G	Scars of Mirrodin	146	common	Alan Pollack		
Gold Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add {W}.		W	Scars of Mirrodin	157	common	Alan Pollack		
Iron Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add {R}.		R	Scars of Mirrodin	168	common	Alan Pollack		
Leaden Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add {B}.		B	Scars of Mirrodin	170	common	Alan Pollack		
Silver Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add {U}.		U	Scars of Mirrodin	202	common	Alan Pollack		
Mulch	1G	2	Sorcery	Reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all land cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Innistrad	196	common	Christopher Moeller		
Angelic Wall	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying"	W	W	Avacyn Restored	4	common	Allen Williams		
Crypt Creeper	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	Sacrifice Crypt Creeper: Exile target card from a graveyard.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	91	common	Scott Chou		
Skyhunter Cub	2W	3	Creature ? Cat Knight	"As long as Skyhunter Cub is equipped, it gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Mirrodin	21	common	Pete Venters		
Neurok Spy	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	Neurok Spy can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an artifact.	U	U	Mirrodin	44	common	Daren Bader		
Dross Prowler	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Mirrodin	64	common	Michael Sutfin		
Krark-Clan Grunt	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Sacrifice an artifact: Krark-Clan Grunt gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin	97	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Spikeshot Goblin	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{R}, {T}: Spikeshot Goblin deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	Mirrodin	108	common	Alan Pollack		
Deconstruct	2G	3	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact. Add {G}{G}{G}.	G	G	Mirrodin	118	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Journey of Discovery	2G	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library.
? You may play up to two additional lands this turn.
Entwine {2}{G} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	G	G	Mirrodin	123	common	John Matson		
Viridian Joiner	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add an amount of {G} equal to Viridian Joiner's power.	G	G	Mirrodin	138	common	Daren Bader		
Elf Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Elf	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Elf Replica: Destroy target enchantment."		G	Mirrodin	167	common	Carl Critchlow		
Goblin Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Goblin	"{3}{R}, Sacrifice Goblin Replica: Destroy target artifact."		R	Mirrodin	178	common	Carl Critchlow		
Myr Adapter	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	Myr Adapter gets +1/+1 for each Equipment attached to it.			Mirrodin	210	common	Ben Thompson		
Nim Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Zombie	"{2}{B}, Sacrifice Nim Replica: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."		B	Mirrodin	220	common	Carl Critchlow		
Scale of Chiss-Goria	3	3	Artifact	"Flash
Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
{T}: Target creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn."			Mirrodin	236	common	Alan Pollack		
Tooth of Chiss-Goria	3	3	Artifact	"Flash
Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
{T}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."			Mirrodin	264	common	Alan Pollack		
Wizard Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Wizard	"Flying
{U}, Sacrifice Wizard Replica: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}."		U	Mirrodin	275	common	Carl Critchlow		
Neurok Prodigy	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
Discard an artifact card: Return Neurok Prodigy to its owner's hand."	U	U	Darksteel	26	common	Puddnhead		
Krark-Clan Stoker	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Add {R}{R}."	R	R	Darksteel	65	common	Pete Venters		
Tel-Jilad Wolf	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Whenever Tel-Jilad Wolf becomes blocked by an artifact creature, Tel-Jilad Wolf gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Darksteel	88	common	Paolo Parente		
Whispersilk Cloak	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature can't be blocked and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Equip {2}"			Darksteel	160	common	Luca Zontini		
Skyhunter Prowler	2W	3	Creature ? Cat Knight	"Flying, vigilance (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach, and attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)"	W	W	Fifth Dawn	15	common	Vance Kovacs		
Fleshgrafter	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	Discard an artifact card: Fleshgrafter gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Fifth Dawn	51	common	Jim Murray		
Screaming Fury	2R	3	Sorcery	Target creature gets +5/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Fifth Dawn	78	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Vulshok Sorcerer	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
{T}: Vulshok Sorcerer deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	80	common	rk post		
Baton of Courage	3	3	Artifact	"Flash
Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Remove a charge counter from Baton of Courage: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Fifth Dawn	105	common	Heather Hudson		
Battered Golem	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Battered Golem doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield, you may untap Battered Golem."			Fifth Dawn	106	common	Carl Critchlow		
Suntouched Myr	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)			Fifth Dawn	160	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Thermal Navigator	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Sacrifice an artifact: Thermal Navigator gains flying until end of turn.			Fifth Dawn	162	common	Jim Murray		
Cage of Hands	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
{1}{W}: Return Cage of Hands to its owner's hand."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	3	common	Mark Tedin		
Kitsune Blademaster	2W	3	Creature ? Fox Samurai	"First strike
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	25	common	Keith Garletts		
Pious Kitsune	2W	3	Creature ? Fox Cleric	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a devotion counter on Pious Kitsune. Then if a creature named Eight-and-a-Half-Tails is on the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each devotion counter on Pious Kitsune.
{T}, Remove a devotion counter from Pious Kitsune: You gain 1 life."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	38	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Counsel of the Soratami	2U	3	Sorcery	Draw two cards.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	55	common	Randy Gallegos		
Kami of Twisted Reflection	1UU	3	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Kami of Twisted Reflection: Return target creature you control to its owner's hand.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	71	common	Mark Tedin		
Lifted by Clouds	2U	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	73	common	Darrell Riche		
Sift Through Sands	1UU	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Draw two cards, then discard a card.
If you've cast a spell named Peer Through Depths and a spell named Reach Through Mists this turn, you may search your library for a card named The Unspeakable, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	84	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Soratami Rainshaper	2U	3	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{3}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Target creature you control gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	89	common	Ittoku		
Nezumi Ronin	2B	3	Creature ? Rat Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	130	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Rend Flesh	2B	3	Instant ? Arcane	Destroy target non-Spirit creature.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	140	common	Stephen Tappin		
Waking Nightmare	2B	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	Target player discards two cards.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	149	common	Mitch Cotie		
Ronin Houndmaster	2R	3	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Haste
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	184	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Unearthly Blizzard	2R	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	Up to three target creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	196	common	Joel Thomas		
Kami of the Hunt	2G	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Kami of the Hunt gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	219	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Matsu-Tribe Decoy	2G	3	Creature ? Snake Warrior	"{2}{G}: Target creature blocks Matsu-Tribe Decoy this turn if able.
Whenever Matsu-Tribe Decoy deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	227	common	Alan Pollack		
Heart of Light	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to and dealt by enchanted creature."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	6	common	Luca Zontini		
Terashi's Grasp	2W	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain life equal to its converted mana cost.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	26	common	Mark Tedin		
Waxmane Baku	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a ki counter on Waxmane Baku.
{1}, Remove X ki counters from Waxmane Baku: Tap X target creatures."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	29	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Toils of Night and Day	2U	3	Instant ? Arcane	"You may tap or untap target permanent, then you may tap or untap another target permanent."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	57	common	Matt Cavotta		
Blessing of Leeches	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life.
{0}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	62	common	Rebecca Guay		
Horobi's Whisper	1BB	3	Instant ? Arcane	"If you control a Swamp, destroy target nonblack creature.
Splice onto Arcane?Exile four cards from your graveyard. (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	70	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Takenuma Bleeder	2B	3	Creature ? Ogre Shaman	"Whenever Takenuma Bleeder attacks or blocks, you lose 1 life if you don't control a Demon."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	86	common	Kev Walker		
Kumano's Blessing	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
If a creature dealt damage by enchanted creature this turn would die, exile it instead."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	111	common	Keith Garletts		
Shinka Gatekeeper	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever Shinka Gatekeeper is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to you."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	117	common	Pete Venters		
Roar of Jukai	2G	3	Instant ? Arcane	"If you control a Forest, each blocked creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane?An opponent gains 5 life. (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	140	common	Ron Spencer		
Kitsune Bonesetter	2W	3	Creature ? Fox Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. Activate this ability only if you have more cards in hand than each opponent.	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	15	common	Heather Hudson		
Moonwing Moth	1WW	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{W}: Moonwing Moth gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	20	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Moonbow Illusionist	2U	3	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	46	common	Dan Frazier		
Murmurs from Beyond	2U	3	Instant ? Arcane	Reveal the top three cards of your library. An opponent chooses one of them. Put that card into your graveyard and the rest into your hand.	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	47	common	Paolo Parente		
Deathmask Nezumi	2B	3	Creature ? Rat Shaman	"As long as you have seven or more cards in hand, Deathmask Nezumi gets +2/+1 and has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	66	common	Daren Bader		
Akki Drillmaster	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	{T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	92	common	Alan Pollack		
Path of Anger's Flame	2R	3	Instant ? Arcane	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	109	common	Pat Lee		
Elder Pine of Jukai	2G	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all land cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Soulshift 2 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	128	common	Alan Pollack		
"Inner Calm, Outer Strength"	2G	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	133	common	Stephen Tappin		
Rending Vines	1GG	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment if its converted mana cost is less than or equal to the number of cards in your hand.
Draw a card."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	143	common	Dan Frazier		
Benevolent Ancestor	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	3	common	Nick Percival		
Gate Hound	2W	3	Creature ? Hound	Creatures you control have vigilance as long as Gate Hound is enchanted.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	19	common	Ralph Horsley		
Nightguard Patrol	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike, vigilance"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	26	common	Dany Orizio		
Compulsive Research	2U	3	Sorcery	Target player draws three cards. Then that player discards two cards unless they discard a land card.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	40	common	Michael Sutfin		
Drift of Phantasms	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
Transmute {1}{U}{U} ({1}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	46	common	Michael Phillippi		
Terraformer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{1}: Choose a basic land type. Each land you control becomes that type until end of turn.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	70	common	Luca Zontini		
Infectious Host	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"When Infectious Host dies, target player loses 2 life."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	91	common	rk post		
Sadistic Augermage	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Sadistic Augermage dies, each player puts a card from their hand on top of their library."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	103	common	Nick Percival		
Galvanic Arc	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Galvanic Arc enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target.
Enchanted creature has first strike."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	126	common	Michael Sutfin		
Incite Hysteria	2R	3	Sorcery	"Radiance ? Until end of turn, target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it gain ""This creature can't block."""	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	132	common	Paolo Parente		
Sabertooth Alley Cat	1RR	3	Creature ? Cat	"Sabertooth Alley Cat attacks each combat if able.
{1}{R}: Creatures without defender can't block Sabertooth Alley Cat this turn."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	140	common	Carl Critchlow		
Civic Wayfinder	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid Warrior	"When Civic Wayfinder enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	157	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Consult the Necrosages	1UB	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Target player draws two cards.
? Target player discards two cards."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	199	common	Paolo Parente		
Shambling Shell	1BG	3	Creature ? Plant Zombie	"Sacrifice Shambling Shell: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Dredge 3 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly three cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	230	common	Joel Thomas		
Centaur Safeguard	2G/W	3	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"({G/W} can be paid with either {G} or {W}.)
When Centaur Safeguard dies, you may gain 3 life."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	244	common	Glenn Fabry		
Guardian's Magemark	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Creatures you control that are enchanted get +1/+1."	W	W	Guildpact	8	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Shrieking Grotesque	2W	3	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
When Shrieking Grotesque enters the battlefield, if {B} was spent to cast it, target player discards a card."	W	W	Guildpact	15	common	Dany Orizio		
Infiltrator's Magemark	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Creatures you control that are enchanted get +1/+1 and can't be blocked except by creatures with defender."	U	U	Guildpact	28	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Necromancer's Magemark	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Creatures you control that are enchanted get +1/+1.
If a creature you control that's enchanted would die, return it to its owner's hand instead."	B	B	Guildpact	53	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Orzhov Euthanist	2B	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Orzhov Euthanist enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn."	B	B	Guildpact	54	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Restless Bones	2B	3	Creature ? Skeleton	"{3}{B}, {T}: Target creature gains swampwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{1}{B}: Regenerate Restless Bones."	B	B	Guildpact	58	common	Glenn Fabry		
Bloodscale Prowler	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Guildpact	64	common	Lars Grant-West		
Fencer's Magemark	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Creatures you control that are enchanted get +1/+1 and have first strike."	R	R	Guildpact	65	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Beastmaster's Magemark	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Creatures you control that are enchanted get +1/+1.
Whenever a creature you control that's enchanted becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	G	G	Guildpact	80	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Silhana Starfletcher	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
As Silhana Starfletcher enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{T}: Add one mana of the chosen color."	G	G	Guildpact	95	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Pillory of the Sleepless	1WB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life."""	W	W	Guildpact	125	common	Mark Romanoski		
Freewind Equenaut	2W	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"Flying
As long as Freewind Equenaut is enchanted, it has ""{T}: Freewind Equenaut deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."""	W	W	Dissension	9	common	Rebecca Guay		
Soulsworn Jury	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{1}{U}, Sacrifice Soulsworn Jury: Counter target creature spell."	W	W	Dissension	17	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Silkwing Scout	2U	3	Creature ? Faerie Scout	"Flying
{G}, Sacrifice Silkwing Scout: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Dissension	31	common	Rebecca Guay		
Delirium Skeins	2B	3	Sorcery	Each player discards three cards.	B	B	Dissension	41	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Nettling Curse	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks or blocks, its controller loses 3 life.
{1}{R}: Enchanted creature attacks this turn if able."	B	R	Dissension	48	common	Jeremy Jarvis & Wayne Reynolds		
Vesper Ghoul	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Druid	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color."	B	B	Dissension	57	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Plumes of Peace	1WU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Forecast ? {W}{U}, Reveal Plumes of Peace from your hand: Tap target creature. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Dissension	124	common	Justin Sweet		
Rakdos Ickspitter	1BR	3	Creature ? Thrull	{T}: Rakdos Ickspitter deals 1 damage to target creature and that creature's controller loses 1 life.	R	R	Dissension	128	common	Christopher Rush		
Vigean Hydropon	1GU	3	Creature ? Plant Mutant	"Graft 5 (This creature enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
Vigean Hydropon can't attack or block."	U	U	Dissension	135	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Minister of Impediments	2W/U	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"({W/U} can be paid with either {W} or {U}.)
{T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Dissension	144	common	Brian Hagan		
Shielding Plax	2G/U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"({G/U} can be paid with either {G} or {U}.)
Enchant creature
When Shielding Plax enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control."	U	U	Dissension	147	common	Brian Hagan		
Surging Sentinels	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Ripple 4 (When you cast this spell, you may reveal the top four cards of your library. You may cast any revealed cards with the same name as this spell without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	20	common	Christopher Moeller		
Frost Raptor	2U	3	Snow Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{S}{S}: Frost Raptor gains shroud until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent. A creature with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Coldsnap	34	common	Lars Grant-West		
Chilling Shade	2B	3	Snow Creature ? Shade	"Flying
{S}: Chilling Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	53	common	Jeff Nentrup		
Gutless Ghoul	2B	3	Snow Creature ? Zombie	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 2 life."	B	B	Coldsnap	60	common	Kensuke Okabayashi		
Goblin Rimerunner	2R	3	Snow Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{T}: Target creature can't block this turn.
{S}: Goblin Rimerunner gains haste until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	R	R	Coldsnap	83	common	Christopher Rush		
Orcish Bloodpainter	2R	3	Creature ? Orc Shaman	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Orcish Bloodpainter deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Coldsnap	94	common	Alan Pollack		
Frostweb Spider	2G	3	Snow Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Frostweb Spider blocks a creature with flying, put a +1/+1 counter on Frostweb Spider at end of combat."	G	G	Coldsnap	109	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Sound the Call	2G	3	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 green Wolf creature token. It has ""This creature gets +1/+1 for each card named Sound the Call in each graveyard."""	G	G	Coldsnap	123	common	Jim Nelson		
Surging Might	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Ripple 4 (When you cast this spell, you may reveal the top four cards of your library. You may cast any revealed cards with the same name as this spell without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library.)"	G	G	Coldsnap	125	common	Luca Zontini		
Amrou Seekers	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Rebel	Amrou Seekers can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or white creatures.	W	W	Time Spiral	2	common	Quinton Hoover		
Cloudchaser Kestrel	1WW	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Cloudchaser Kestrel enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment.
{W}: Target permanent becomes white until end of turn."	W	W	Time Spiral	10	common	Daren Bader		
D'Avenant Healer	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Archer	"{T}: D'Avenant Healer deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Time Spiral	11	common	Michael Sutfin		
Icatian Crier	2W	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Create two 1/1 white Citizen creature tokens."	W	W	Time Spiral	23	common	Michael Phillippi		
Pentarch Ward	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Pentarch Ward enters the battlefield, choose a color.
When Pentarch Ward enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has protection from the chosen color. This effect doesn't remove Pentarch Ward."	W	W	Time Spiral	33	common	Dany Orizio		
Zealot il-Vec	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Zealot il-Vec attacks and isn't blocked, you may have it deal 1 damage to target creature. If you do, prevent all combat damage Zealot il-Vec would deal this turn."	W	W	Time Spiral	47	common	Chippy		
Ophidian Eye	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	U	U	Time Spiral	70	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Shadow Sliver	2U	3	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have shadow. (They can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	U	U	Time Spiral	76	common	Warren Mahy		
Spiketail Drakeling	1UU	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Sacrifice Spiketail Drakeling: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}."	U	U	Time Spiral	80	common	Dave Dorman		
Assassinate	2B	3	Sorcery	Destroy target tapped creature.	B	B	Time Spiral	95	common	Kev Walker		
Basal Sliver	2B	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""Sacrifice this permanent: Add {B}{B}."""	B	B	Time Spiral	96	common	Drew Tucker		
Psychotic Episode	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Target player reveals their hand and the top card of their library. You choose a card revealed this way. That player puts the chosen card on the bottom of their library.
Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	126	common	Drew Tucker		
Skulking Knight	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
When Skulking Knight becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	B	B	Time Spiral	130	common	rk post		
Trespasser il-Vec	2B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	Discard a card: Trespasser il-Vec gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	B	B	Time Spiral	138	common	Jim Murray		
Urborg Syphon-Mage	2B	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Each other player loses 2 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Time Spiral	139	common	Greg Staples		
Blazing Blade Askari	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{2}: Blazing Blade Askari becomes colorless until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	146	common	Dan Frazier		
Flowstone Channeler	2R	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature gets +1/-1 and gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	155	common	Alan Pollack		
Ironclaw Buzzardiers	2R	3	Creature ? Orc Scout	"Ironclaw Buzzardiers can't block creatures with power 2 or greater.
{R}: Ironclaw Buzzardiers gains flying until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	165	common	Carl Critchlow		
Viashino Bladescout	1RR	3	Creature ? Viashino Scout	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Viashino Bladescout enters the battlefield, target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	185	common	Dany Orizio		
Glass Asp	1GG	3	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Glass Asp deals combat damage to a player, that player loses 2 life at the beginning of their next draw step unless they pay {2} before that step."	G	G	Time Spiral	197	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Nantuko Shaman	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Shaman	"When Nantuko Shaman enters the battlefield, if you control no tapped lands, draw a card.
Suspend 1?{2}{G}{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{G}{G} and exile it with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	208	common	Daren Bader		
Thallid Germinator	2G	3	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Thallid Germinator.
Remove three spore counters from Thallid Germinator: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Time Spiral	225	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Wormwood Dryad	2G	3	Creature ? Dryad	"{G}: Wormwood Dryad gains forestwalk until end of turn and deals 1 damage to you. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
{B}: Wormwood Dryad gains swampwalk until end of turn and deals 1 damage to you. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	233	common	Warren Mahy		
Aven Riftwatcher	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Rebel Soldier	"Flying
Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Aven Riftwatcher enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Planar Chaos	1	common	Don Hazeltine		
Poultice Sliver	2W	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{2}, {T}: Regenerate target Sliver."""	W	W	Planar Chaos	11	common	Randy Gallegos		
Saltfield Recluse	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel Cleric	{T}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	W	W	Planar Chaos	16	common	Brian Despain		
Reality Acid	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
Vanishing 3 (This Aura enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Reality Acid leaves the battlefield, enchanted permanent's controller sacrifices it."	U	U	Planar Chaos	45	common	James Wong		
Shaper Parasite	1UU	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Shaper Parasite is turned face up, target creature gets +2/-2 or -2/+2 until end of turn."	U	U	Planar Chaos	46	common	rk post		
Wistful Thinking	2U	3	Sorcery	"Target player draws two cards, then discards four cards."	U	U	Planar Chaos	53	common	Brian Despain		
Merfolk Thaumaturgist	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{T}: Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.	U	U	Planar Chaos	56	common	Steve Prescott		
Deadly Grub	2B	3	Creature ? Insect	"Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Deadly Grub dies, if it had no time counters on it, create a 6/1 green Insect creature token with shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	B	B	Planar Chaos	69	common	E. M. Gist		
Melancholy	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Melancholy enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Melancholy unless you pay {B}."	B	B	Planar Chaos	88	common	Lars Grant-West		
Prodigal Pyromancer	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Prodigal Pyromancer deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Planar Chaos	118	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Skirk Shaman	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	Skirk Shaman can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or red creatures.	R	R	Planar Chaos	123	common	Chippy		
Citanul Woodreaders	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Kicker {2}{G} (You may pay an additional {2}{G} as you cast this spell.)
When Citanul Woodreaders enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, draw two cards."	G	G	Planar Chaos	125	common	Steven Belledin		
Marshaling Cry	1WW	3	Sorcery	"Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
Flashback {3}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Future Sight	13	common	Vance Kovacs		
Ichor Slick	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
Madness {3}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Future Sight	68	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Fatal Attraction	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Fatal Attraction enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to enchanted creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, Fatal Attraction deals 4 damage to enchanted creature."	R	R	Future Sight	98	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Avian Changeling	2W	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Flying"	W	W	Lorwyn	4	common	Heather Hudson		
Kithkin Healer	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Lorwyn	27	common	Rebecca Guay		
Springjack Knight	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Knight	"Whenever Springjack Knight attacks, clash with an opponent. If you win, target creature gains double strike until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	41	common	Steven Belledin		
Wispmare	2W	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Wispmare enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment.
Evoke {W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	48	common	Eric Fortune		
Faerie Trickery	1UU	3	Tribal Instant ? Faerie	"Counter target non-Faerie spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Lorwyn	62	common	Terese Nielsen		
Glimmerdust Nap	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant tapped creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Lorwyn	68	common	Greg Staples		
Paperfin Rascal	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"When Paperfin Rascal enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Paperfin Rascal. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	77	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Streambed Aquitects	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"{T}: Target Merfolk creature gets +1/+1 and gains islandwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
{T}: Target land becomes an Island until end of turn."	U	U	Lorwyn	91	common	William O'Connor		
Boggart Loggers	2B	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
{2}{B}, Sacrifice Boggart Loggers: Destroy target Treefolk or Forest."	B	B	Lorwyn	103	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Eyeblight's Ending	2B	3	Tribal Instant ? Elf	Destroy target non-Elf creature.	B	B	Lorwyn	110	common	Ron Spears		
Spiderwig Boggart	2B	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Spiderwig Boggart enters the battlefield, target creature gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	141	common	Larry MacDougall		
Thieving Sprite	2B	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
When Thieving Sprite enters the battlefield, target player reveals X cards from their hand, where X is the number of Faeries you control. You choose one of those cards. That player discards that card."	B	B	Lorwyn	143	common	Dan Scott		
Blind-Spot Giant	2R	3	Creature ? Giant Warrior	Blind-Spot Giant can't attack or block unless you control another Giant.	R	R	Lorwyn	153	common	Jim Murray		
Inner-Flame Acolyte	1RR	3	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"When Inner-Flame Acolyte enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.
Evoke {R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	181	common	Ron Spears		
Mudbutton Torchrunner	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"When Mudbutton Torchrunner dies, it deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Lorwyn	185	common	Steve Ellis		
Stinkdrinker Daredevil	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	Giant spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.	R	R	Lorwyn	191	common	Pete Venters		
Battlewand Oak	2G	3	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Whenever a Forest enters the battlefield under your control, Battlewand Oak gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a Treefolk spell, Battlewand Oak gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Lorwyn	197	common	Steve Prescott		
Elvish Branchbender	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Until end of turn, target Forest becomes an X/X Treefolk creature in addition to its other types, where X is the number of Elves you control."	G	G	Lorwyn	204	common	Ralph Horsley		
Gilt-Leaf Ambush	2G	3	Tribal Instant ? Elf	"Create two 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens. Clash with an opponent. If you win, those creatures gain deathtouch until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost. Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	214	common	Steve Prescott		
Gilt-Leaf Seer	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{G}, {T}: Look at the top two cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	G	G	Lorwyn	215	common	Darrell Riche		
Moonglove Extract	3	3	Artifact	Sacrifice Moonglove Extract: It deals 2 damage to any target.			Lorwyn	258	common	Terese Nielsen		
Burrenton Bombardier	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Flying
Reinforce 2?{2}{W} ({2}{W}, Discard this card: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.)"	W	W	Morningtide	3	common	Ron Spencer		
Kithkin Zephyrnaut	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Kithkin Zephyrnaut, you may reveal it. If you do, Kithkin Zephyrnaut gets +2/+2 and gains flying and vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Morningtide	16	common	Quinton Hoover & Val Mayerik		
Stonybrook Schoolmaster	2W	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever Stonybrook Schoolmaster becomes tapped, you may create a 1/1 blue Merfolk Wizard creature token."	W	W	Morningtide	25	common	Quinton Hoover & Val Mayerik		
Dewdrop Spy	1UU	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flash
Flying
When Dewdrop Spy enters the battlefield, look at the top card of target player's library."	U	U	Morningtide	30	common	Wayne England		
Moonglove Changeling	2B	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{B}: Moonglove Changeling gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy that creature.)"	B	B	Morningtide	67	common	Wayne England		
Fire Juggler	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Whenever Fire Juggler becomes blocked, clash with an opponent. If you win, Fire Juggler deals 4 damage to each creature blocking it. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	R	R	Morningtide	90	common	Thomas Denmark		
Hostile Realm	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target creature can't block this turn."""	R	R	Morningtide	91	common	John Avon		
Seething Pathblazer	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	Sacrifice an Elemental: Seething Pathblazer gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Morningtide	101	common	Steve Prescott		
Fertilid	2G	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Fertilid enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}{G}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Fertilid: Target player searches their library for a basic land card, puts it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffles their library."	G	G	Morningtide	122	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Lys Alana Bowmaster	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever you cast an Elf spell, you may have Lys Alana Bowmaster deal 2 damage to target creature with flying."	G	G	Morningtide	130	common	Dan Scott		
Winnower Patrol	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Winnower Patrol, you may reveal it. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Winnower Patrol."	G	G	Morningtide	139	common	Eric Fortune		
Ballynock Cohort	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"First strike
Ballynock Cohort gets +1/+1 as long as you control another white creature."	W	W	Shadowmoor	3	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Ghastly Discovery	2U	3	Sorcery	"Draw two cards, then discard a card.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	39	common	Howard Lyon		
Parapet Watchers	2U	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	{W/U}: Parapet Watchers gets +0/+1 until end of turn.	U	W	Shadowmoor	45	common	Scott Altmann		
Prismwake Merrow	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Flash
When Prismwake Merrow enters the battlefield, target permanent becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Shadowmoor	46	common	Wayne England		
Sinking Feeling	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Enchanted creature has ""{1}, Put a -1/-1 counter on this creature: Untap this creature."""	U	U	Shadowmoor	51	common	Ron Brown		
Cinderbones	2B	3	Creature ? Elemental Skeleton	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
{1}{B}: Regenerate Cinderbones."	B	B	Shadowmoor	59	common	Carl Critchlow		
Hungry Spriggan	2G	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Trample
Whenever Hungry Spriggan attacks, it gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Shadowmoor	120	common	Drew Tucker		
Presence of Gond	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."""	G	G	Shadowmoor	125	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Silkbind Faerie	2W/U	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
{1}{W/U}, {Q}: Tap target creature. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	148	common	Matt Cavotta		
Steel of the Godhead	2W/U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is white, it gets +1/+1 and has lifelink. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)
As long as enchanted creature is blue, it gets +1/+1 and can't be blocked."	W	W	Shadowmoor	150	common	Jason Chan		
Thistledown Duo	2W/U	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier Wizard	"Whenever you cast a white spell, Thistledown Duo gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a blue spell, Thistledown Duo gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Shadowmoor	152	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Gravelgill Duo	2U/B	3	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue Warrior	"Whenever you cast a blue spell, Gravelgill Duo gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a black spell, Gravelgill Duo gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	165	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Torpor Dust	2U/B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -3/-0."	U	U	Shadowmoor	177	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Giantbaiting	2R/G	3	Sorcery	"Create a 4/4 red and green Giant Warrior creature token with haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	207	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Tattermunge Duo	2R/G	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior Shaman	"Whenever you cast a red spell, Tattermunge Duo gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a green spell, Tattermunge Duo gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	218	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Shield of the Oversoul	2G/W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is green, it gets +1/+1 and has indestructible. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)
As long as enchanted creature is white, it gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Shadowmoor	242	common	Steven Belledin		
Wingrattle Scarecrow	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Wingrattle Scarecrow has flying as long as you control a blue creature.
Wingrattle Scarecrow has persist as long as you control a black creature. (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"			Shadowmoor	270	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Recumbent Bliss	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Eventide	13	common	Todd Lockwood		
Dream Thief	2U	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
When Dream Thief enters the battlefield, draw a card if you've cast another blue spell this turn."	U	U	Eventide	20	common	Howard Lyon		
Cinder Pyromancer	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"{T}: Cinder Pyromancer deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Whenever you cast a red spell, you may untap Cinder Pyromancer."	R	R	Eventide	50	common	Greg Staples		
Noggle Bandit	1U/RU/R	3	Creature ? Noggle Rogue	Noggle Bandit can't be blocked except by creatures with defender.	U	U	Eventide	106	common	Thomas Denmark		
Rendclaw Trow	2B/G	3	Creature ? Troll	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Eventide	127	common	Warren Mahy		
Hobgoblin Dragoon	2R/W	3	Creature ? Goblin Knight	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Eventide	142	common	Matt Cavotta		
Scourge of the Nobilis	2R/W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is red, it gets +1/+1 and has ""{R/W}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.""
As long as enchanted creature is white, it gets +1/+1 and has lifelink. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Eventide	146	common	Dan Scott		
Excommunicate	2W	3	Sorcery	Put target creature on top of its owner's library.	W	W	Shards of Alara	11	common	Matt Stewart		
Guardians of Akrasa	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	12	common	Alan Pollack		
Gustrider Exuberant	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
Sacrifice Gustrider Exuberant: Creatures you control with power 5 or greater gain flying until end of turn."	W	W	Shards of Alara	13	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Marble Chalice	2W	3	Artifact	{T}: You gain 1 life.	W	W	Shards of Alara	18	common	Howard Lyon		
Kathari Screecher	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Unearth {2}{U} ({2}{U}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	47	common	Pete Venters		
Vectis Silencers	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Human Rogue	{2}{B}: Vectis Silencers gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy that creature.)	U	U	Shards of Alara	62	common	Steven Belledin		
Onyx Goblet	2B	3	Artifact	{T}: Target player loses 1 life.	B	B	Shards of Alara	81	common	rk post		
Resounding Scream	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card at random.
Cycling {5}{U}{B}{R} ({5}{U}{B}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Resounding Scream, target player discards two cards at random."	B	U	Shards of Alara	83	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Shore Snapper	2B	3	Creature ? Beast	{U}: Shore Snapper gains islandwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	B	U	Shards of Alara	87	common	Dave Kendall		
Hissing Iguanar	2R	3	Creature ? Lizard	"Whenever another creature dies, you may have Hissing Iguanar deal 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Shards of Alara	104	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Lightning Talons	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and has first strike. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	107	common	Pete Venters		
Vithian Stinger	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{T}: Vithian Stinger deals 1 damage to any target.
Unearth {1}{R} ({1}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	120	common	Dave Kendall		
Court Archers	2G	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	G	G	Shards of Alara	126	common	Randy Gallegos		
Gift of the Gargantuan	2G	3	Sorcery	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card and/or a land card from among them and put the revealed cards into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Shards of Alara	132	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Savage Hunger	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has trample.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Shards of Alara	147	common	Trevor Claxton		
Blightning	1BR	3	Sorcery	Blightning deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. That player or that planeswalker's controller discards two cards.	R	R	Shards of Alara	156	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Kederekt Creeper	UBR	3	Creature ? Horror	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	176	common	Mark Hyzer		
Windwright Mage	WUB	3	Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Windwright Mage has flying as long as an artifact card is in your graveyard."	W	W	Shards of Alara	208	common	Chippy		
Obelisk of Bant	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G}, {W}, or {U}."		W	Shards of Alara	212	common	David Palumbo		
Obelisk of Esper	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W}, {U}, or {B}."		W	Shards of Alara	213	common	Francis Tsai		
Obelisk of Grixis	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U}, {B}, or {R}."		U	Shards of Alara	214	common	Nils Hamm		
Obelisk of Jund	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B}, {R}, or {G}."		R	Shards of Alara	215	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Obelisk of Naya	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R}, {G}, or {W}."		W	Shards of Alara	216	common	Steve Prescott		
Asha's Favor	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying, first strike, and vigilance."	W	W	Conflux	2	common	Donato Giancola		
Aven Trailblazer	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Domain ? Aven Trailblazer's toughness is equal to the number of basic land types among lands you control."	W	W	Conflux	4	common	Chris Rahn		
Brackwater Elemental	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"When Brackwater Elemental attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Unearth {2}{U} ({2}{U}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Conflux	21	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Frontline Sage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Conflux	28	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Parasitic Strix	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Parasitic Strix enters the battlefield, if you control a black permanent, target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	U	U	Conflux	32	common	Steven Belledin		
Pestilent Kathari	2B	3	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
{2}{R}: Pestilent Kathari gains first strike until end of turn."	B	R	Conflux	50	common	Dave Kendall		
Sedraxis Alchemist	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Sedraxis Alchemist enters the battlefield, if you control a blue permanent, return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand."	B	B	Conflux	54	common	Karl Kopinski		
Wandering Goblins	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Domain ? {3}: Wandering Goblins gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each basic land type among lands you control.	R	R	Conflux	76	common	Karl Kopinski		
Ember Weaver	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
As long as you control a red permanent, Ember Weaver gets +1/+0 and has first strike."	G	G	Conflux	81	common	Steve Prescott		
Matca Rioters	2G	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	Domain ? Matca Rioters's power and toughness are each equal to the number of basic land types among lands you control.	G	G	Conflux	84	common	Steve Argyle		
Ethersworn Shieldmage	1WU	3	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Flash
When Ethersworn Shieldmage enters the battlefield, prevent all damage that would be dealt to artifact creatures this turn."	W	W	Alara Reborn	4	common	Daarken		
Talon Trooper	1WU	3	Creature ? Bird Scout	Flying	W	W	Alara Reborn	14	common	Matt Stewart		
Mistvein Borderpost	1UB	3	Artifact	"You may pay {1} and return a basic land you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Mistvein Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."	U	U	Alara Reborn	27	common	Pete Venters		
Demonic Dread	1BR	3	Sorcery	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
Target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Alara Reborn	38	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Kathari Bomber	1BR	3	Creature ? Bird Shaman	"Flying
When Kathari Bomber deals combat damage to a player, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens and sacrifice Kathari Bomber.
Unearth {3}{B}{R} ({3}{B}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	41	common	Carl Critchlow		
Firewild Borderpost	1RG	3	Artifact	"You may pay {1} and return a basic land you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Firewild Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."	R	R	Alara Reborn	54	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Godtracker of Jund	1RG	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Whenever a creature with power 5 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Godtracker of Jund."	R	R	Alara Reborn	55	common	Justin Sweet		
Sigil of the Nayan Gods	1GW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.
Cycling {G/W} ({G/W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	78	common	Warren Mahy		
Wildfield Borderpost	1GW	3	Artifact	"You may pay {1} and return a basic land you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Wildfield Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."	W	W	Alara Reborn	80	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Vectis Dominator	1WB	3	Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Tap target creature unless its controller pays 2 life.	W	W	Alara Reborn	84	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Winged Coatl	1GU	3	Creature ? Snake	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	U	U	Alara Reborn	105	common	Izzy		
Esper Sojourners	WUB	3	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"When you cycle Esper Sojourners or it dies, you may tap or untap target permanent.
Cycling {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	107	common	John Avon		
Jund Sojourners	BRG	3	Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"When you cycle Jund Sojourners or it dies, you may have it deal 1 damage to any target.
Cycling {2}{R} ({2}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	116	common	John Avon		
Kor Hookmaster	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"When Kor Hookmaster enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	W	W	Zendikar	20	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Noble Vestige	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target player or planeswalker this turn."	W	W	Zendikar	29	common	Jason Chan		
Umara Raptor	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Ally	"Flying
Whenever Umara Raptor or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Umara Raptor."	U	U	Zendikar	75	common	Sam Wood		
Giant Scorpion	2B	3	Creature ? Scorpion	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Zendikar	90	common	Raymond Swanland		
Mindless Null	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Mindless Null can't block unless you control a Vampire.	B	B	Zendikar	103	common	Karl Kopinski		
Magma Rift	2R	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
Magma Rift deals 5 damage to target creature."	R	R	Zendikar	136	common	Jung Park		
Molten Ravager	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	{R}: Molten Ravager gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Zendikar	138	common	Dave Kendall		
Ruinous Minotaur	1RR	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Whenever Ruinous Minotaur deals damage to an opponent, sacrifice a land."	R	R	Zendikar	145	common	Raymond Swanland		
Torch Slinger	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Kicker {1}{R} (You may pay an additional {1}{R} as you cast this spell.)
When Torch Slinger enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, it deals 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Zendikar	151	common	Andrew Robinson		
Grazing Gladehart	2G	3	Creature ? Antelope	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain 2 life."	G	G	Zendikar	163	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Oran-Rief Recluse	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	"Kicker {2}{G} (You may pay an additional {2}{G} as you cast this spell.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
When Oran-Rief Recluse enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target creature with flying."	G	G	Zendikar	173	common	Lars Grant-West		
Savage Silhouette	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""{1}{G}: Regenerate this creature."""	G	G	Zendikar	181	common	Dave Kendall		
Stonework Puma	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Cat Ally				Zendikar	207	common	Christopher Moeller		
Apex Hawks	2W	3	Creature ? Bird	"Multikicker {1}{W} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Flying
Apex Hawks enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked."	W	W	Worldwake	2	common	David Palumbo		
Guardian Zendikon	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 2/6 white Wall creature with defender. It's still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	W	W	Worldwake	6	common	John Avon		
Calcite Snapper	1UU	3	Creature ? Turtle	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may switch Calcite Snapper's power and toughness until end of turn."	U	U	Worldwake	25	common	David Palumbo		
Enclave Elite	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Multikicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Enclave Elite enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked."	U	U	Worldwake	27	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Dead Reckoning	1BB	3	Sorcery	"You may put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library. If you do, Dead Reckoning deals damage equal to that card's power to target creature."	B	B	Worldwake	56	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Crusher Zendikon	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 4/2 red Beast creature with trample. It's still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	R	R	Worldwake	78	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Snapping Creeper	2G	3	Creature ? Plant	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Snapping Creeper gains vigilance until end of turn."	G	G	Worldwake	112	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Dawnglare Invoker	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Wizard	"Flying
{8}: Tap all creatures target player controls."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	16	common	Steve Argyle		
Jwari Scuttler	2U	3	Creature ? Crab		U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	73	common	Andrew Robinson		
Sea Gate Oracle	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Sea Gate Oracle enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	85	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Venerated Teacher	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Venerated Teacher enters the battlefield, put two level counters on each creature you control with level up."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	93	common	Greg Staples		
Bloodrite Invoker	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	{8}: Target player loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	97	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Cadaver Imp	1BB	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
When Cadaver Imp enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	99	common	Dave Kendall		
Gloomhunter	2B	3	Creature ? Bat	Flying	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	111	common	Lars Grant-West		
Perish the Thought	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player shuffles that card into their library.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	123	common	Austin Hsu		
Lavafume Invoker	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	{8}: Creatures you control get +3/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	155	common	Dave Kendall		
Raid Bombardment	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control with power 2 or less attacks, Raid Bombardment deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	161	common	Matt Cavotta		
Aura Gnarlid	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"Creatures with power less than Aura Gnarlid's power can't block it.
Aura Gnarlid gets +1/+1 for each Aura on the battlefield."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	175	common	Lars Grant-West		
Growth Spasm	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. Create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	186	common	Dan Scott		
Snake Umbra	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ""Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.""
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	207	common	Christopher Moeller		
Sporecap Spider	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	209	common	Lars Grant-West		
Kemba's Skyguard	1WW	3	Creature ? Cat Knight	"Flying
When Kemba's Skyguard enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	13	common	Whit Brachna		
Neurok Invisimancer	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Neurok Invisimancer can't be blocked.
When Neurok Invisimancer enters the battlefield, target creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	37	common	Izzy		
Blistergrub	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
When Blistergrub dies, each opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	56	common	Daarken		
Contagious Nim	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	58	common	Efrem Palacios		
Moriok Reaver	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior		B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	70	common	Marc Simonetti		
Relic Putrescence	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Whenever enchanted artifact becomes tapped, its controller gets a poison counter."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	77	common	Allen Williams		
Ferrovore	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	"{R}, Sacrifice an artifact: Ferrovore gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	88	common	Austin Hsu		
Vulshok Heartstoker	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Vulshok Heartstoker enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	107	common	Shelly Wan		
Cystbearer	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	117	common	Kev Walker		
Auriok Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Cleric	"{W}, Sacrifice Auriok Replica: Prevent all damage a source of your choice would deal to you this turn."		W	Scars of Mirrodin	138	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Golem Foundry	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may put a charge counter on Golem Foundry.
Remove three charge counters from Golem Foundry: Create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token."			Scars of Mirrodin	160	common	Nic Klein		
Moriok Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Warrior	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice Moriok Replica: You draw two cards and you lose 2 life."		B	Scars of Mirrodin	178	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Necrogen Censer	3	3	Artifact	"Necrogen Censer enters the battlefield with two charge counters on it.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Necrogen Censer: Target player loses 2 life."			Scars of Mirrodin	184	common	Pete Venters		
Neurok Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Wizard	"{1}{U}, Sacrifice Neurok Replica: Return target creature to its owner's hand."		U	Scars of Mirrodin	186	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Snapsail Glider	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Metalcraft ? Snapsail Glider has flying as long as you control three or more artifacts.			Scars of Mirrodin	203	common	Efrem Palacios		
Sylvok Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Shaman	"{G}, Sacrifice Sylvok Replica: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."		G	Scars of Mirrodin	210	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Tumble Magnet	3	3	Artifact	"Tumble Magnet enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Tumble Magnet: Tap target artifact or creature."			Scars of Mirrodin	218	common	Drew Baker		
Vulshok Replica	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Berserker	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice Vulshok Replica: It deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker."		R	Scars of Mirrodin	221	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Priests of Norn	2W	3	Creature ? Cleric	"Vigilance
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	16	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Mirran Spy	2U	3	Creature ? Drone	"Flying
Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may untap target creature."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	26	common	Dave Kendall		
Morbid Plunder	1BB	3	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	47	common	Mike Bierek		
Blisterstick Shaman	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Blisterstick Shaman enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	58	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Koth's Courier	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	68	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Glissa's Courier	1GG	3	Creature ? Horror	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	80	common	Dave Kendall		
Rot Wolf	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Rot Wolf this turn dies, you may draw a card."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	90	common	Nils Hamm		
Phyrexian Digester	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)			Mirrodin Besieged	120	common	Dave Allsop		
Spin Engine	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{R}: Target creature can't block Spin Engine this turn.		R	Mirrodin Besieged	135	common	Pete Venters		
Training Drone	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Drone	Training Drone can't attack or block unless it's equipped.			Mirrodin Besieged	142	common	Matt Cavotta		
Porcelain Legionnaire	2W/P	3	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	"({W/P} can be paid with either {W} or 2 life.)
First strike"	W	W	New Phyrexia	19	common	Eric Deschamps		
Remember the Fallen	2W	3	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	New Phyrexia	21	common	Eric Deschamps		
Spined Thopter	2U/P	3	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)
Flying"	U	U	New Phyrexia	45	common	Pete Venters		
Blind Zealot	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Whenever Blind Zealot deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, destroy target creature that player controls."	B	B	New Phyrexia	52	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Razor Swine	2R	3	Creature ? Boar	"First strike
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	R	R	New Phyrexia	92	common	Dave Allsop		
Scrapyard Salvo	1RR	3	Sorcery	Scrapyard Salvo deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of artifact cards in your graveyard.	R	R	New Phyrexia	94	common	Austin Hsu		
Viridian Betrayers	1GG	3	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Viridian Betrayers has infect as long as an opponent is poisoned. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)	G	G	New Phyrexia	124	common	Karl Kopinski		
Blinding Souleater	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Cleric	"{W/P}, {T}: Tap target creature. ({W/P} can be paid with either {W} or 2 life.)"		W	New Phyrexia	131	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Trespassing Souleater	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{U/P}: Trespassing Souleater can't be blocked this turn. ({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)		U	New Phyrexia	163	common	Scott Chou		
Chapel Geist	1WW	3	Creature ? Spirit	Flying	W	W	Innistrad	7	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Elder Cathar	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Elder Cathar dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that creature is a Human, put two +1/+1 counters on it instead."	W	W	Innistrad	12	common	Chris Rahn		
Ghostly Possession	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by enchanted creature."	W	W	Innistrad	18	common	Howard Lyon		
Village Bell-Ringer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Village Bell-Ringer enters the battlefield, untap all creatures you control."	W	W	Innistrad	41	common	David Palumbo		
Voiceless Spirit	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Innistrad	42	common	Daarken		
Armored Skaab	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"When Armored Skaab enters the battlefield, put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	43	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Curse of the Bloody Tome	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, that player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	50	common	Jaime Jones		
Selhoff Occultist	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Selhoff Occultist or another creature dies, target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	73	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Stitched Drake	1UU	3	Creature ? Zombie Drake	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your graveyard.
Flying"	U	U	Innistrad	80	common	Chris Rahn		
Ghoulraiser	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"When Ghoulraiser enters the battlefield, return a Zombie card at random from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Innistrad	102	common	Steve Prescott		
Markov Patrician	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	B	B	Innistrad	107	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Night Terrors	2B	3	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card.	B	B	Innistrad	111	common	Christopher Moeller		
Crossway Vampire	1RR	3	Creature ? Vampire	"When Crossway Vampire enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Innistrad	135	common	Mark Evans		
Feral Ridgewolf	2R	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Trample
{1}{R}: Feral Ridgewolf gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Innistrad	142	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Kessig Wolf	2R	3	Creature ? Wolf	{1}{R}: Kessig Wolf gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Innistrad	151	common	Wayne England		
Riot Devils	2R	3	Creature ? Devil		R	R	Innistrad	160	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Traitorous Blood	1RR	3	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains trample and haste until end of turn.	R	R	Innistrad	166	common	Raymond Swanland		
Grave Bramble	1GG	3	Creature ? Plant	"Defender, protection from Zombies"	G	G	Innistrad	184	common	Anthony Jones		
One-Eyed Scarecrow	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Defender
Creatures with flying your opponents control get -1/-0."			Innistrad	230	common	Dave Kendall		
Niblis of the Mist	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Niblis of the Mist enters the battlefield, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Dark Ascension	15	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Chant of the Skifsang	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -13/-0."	U	U	Dark Ascension	31	common	Nils Hamm		
Headless Skaab	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your graveyard.
Headless Skaab enters the battlefield tapped."	U	U	Dark Ascension	40	common	Johann Bodin		
Falkenrath Torturer	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Sacrifice a creature: Falkenrath Torturer gains flying until end of turn. If the sacrificed creature was a Human, put a +1/+1 counter on Falkenrath Torturer."	B	B	Dark Ascension	60	common	Steve Argyle		
Reap the Seagraf	2B	3	Sorcery	"Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
Flashback {4}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	U	Dark Ascension	72	common	James Ryman		
Erdwal Ripper	1RR	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Haste
Whenever Erdwal Ripper deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Dark Ascension	86	common	Kev Walker		
Favor of the Woods	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature blocks, you gain 3 life."	G	G	Dark Ascension	113	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Ulvenwald Bear	2G	3	Creature ? Bear	"Morbid ? When Ulvenwald Bear enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature."	G	G	Dark Ascension	129	common	Jason A. Engle		
Heavy Mattock	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
As long as equipped creature is a Human, it gets an additional +1/+1.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Dark Ascension	150	common	Winona Nelson		
Farbog Explorer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Scout	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	W	W	Avacyn Restored	21	common	Scott Chou		
Galvanic Alchemist	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Galvanic Alchemist is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has ""{2}{U}: Untap this creature."""	U	U	Avacyn Restored	54	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Bloodflow Connoisseur	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodflow Connoisseur.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	87	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Essence Harvest	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	100	common	Daarken		
Searchlight Geist	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{3}{B}: Searchlight Geist gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	119	common	Steven Belledin		
Soulcage Fiend	1BB	3	Creature ? Demon	"When Soulcage Fiend dies, each player loses 3 life."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	120	common	Jason A. Engle		
Unhallowed Pact	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	124	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Fervent Cathar	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Haste
When Fervent Cathar enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	135	common	Steven Belledin		
Hanweir Lancer	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Hanweir Lancer is paired with another creature, both creatures have first strike."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	138	common	Steve Prescott		
Riot Ringleader	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Riot Ringleader attacks, Human creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	152	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Thatcher Revolt	2R	3	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 red Human creature tokens with haste. Sacrifice those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Avacyn Restored	158	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Lair Delve	2G	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put all creature and land cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	184	common	Jason A. Engle		
Trusted Forcemage	2G	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Trusted Forcemage is paired with another creature, each of those creatures gets +1/+1."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	199	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Selesnya Sentry	2W	3	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	{5}{G}: Regenerate Selesnya Sentry.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	21	common	Wesley Burt		
Seller of Songbirds	2W	3	Creature ? Human	"When Seller of Songbirds enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	22	common	Christopher Moeller		
Dead Reveler	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)	B	B	Return to Ravnica	62	common	David Palumbo		
Sewer Shambler	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Scavenge {2}{B} ({2}{B}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Return to Ravnica	75	common	Nils Hamm		
Lobber Crew	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Defender
{T}: Lobber Crew deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, untap Lobber Crew."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	99	common	Greg Staples		
Splatter Thug	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"First strike
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	105	common	Kev Walker		
Viashino Racketeer	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino Rogue	"When Viashino Racketeer enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	112	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Axebane Guardian	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Defender
{T}: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of creatures with defender you control."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	115	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Stonefare Crocodile	2G	3	Creature ? Crocodile	{2}{B}: Stonefare Crocodile gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	G	G	Return to Ravnica	136	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Centaur Healer	1GW	3	Creature ? Centaur Cleric	"When Centaur Healer enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	148	common	Mark Zug		
Trestle Troll	1BG	3	Creature ? Troll	"Defender
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{1}{B}{G}: Regenerate Trestle Troll."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	205	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Vassal Soul	1W/UW/U	3	Creature ? Spirit	Flying	W	W	Return to Ravnica	224	common	Dan Scott		
Basilica Guards	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Defender
Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	W	W	Gatecrash	5	common	Dan Scott		
Court Street Denizen	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever another white creature enters the battlefield under your control, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Gatecrash	8	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Sage's Row Denizen	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Whenever another blue creature enters the battlefield under your control, target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Gatecrash	46	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Corpse Blockade	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Defender
Sacrifice another creature: Corpse Blockade gains deathtouch until end of turn."	B	B	Gatecrash	60	common	Lucas Graciano		
Slate Street Ruffian	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Slate Street Ruffian becomes blocked, defending player discards a card."	B	B	Gatecrash	78	common	Jim Murray		
Warmind Infantry	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Warmind Infantry and at least two other creatures attack, Warmind Infantry gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	111	common	Greg Staples		
Crocanura	2G	3	Creature ? Crocodile Frog	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	G	G	Gatecrash	116	common	Jack Wang		
Slaughterhorn	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"Bloodrush ? {G}, Discard Slaughterhorn: Target attacking creature gets +3/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Gatecrash	134	common	Steve Prescott		
Drakewing Krasis	1GU	3	Creature ? Lizard Drake	"Flying, trample"	U	U	Gatecrash	157	common	Johann Bodin		
Kingpin's Pet	1WB	3	Creature ? Thrull	"Flying
Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	W	W	Gatecrash	173	common	Mark Zug		
Mortus Strider	1UB	3	Creature ? Skeleton	"When Mortus Strider dies, return it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	179	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Deathcult Rogue	1U/BU/B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	Deathcult Rogue can't be blocked except by Rogues.	U	U	Gatecrash	218	common	David Palumbo		
Armored Transport	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Armored Transport by creatures blocking it.			Gatecrash	226	common	Cliff Childs		
Haazda Snare Squad	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Haazda Snare Squad attacks, you may pay {W}. If you do, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	2	common	David Palumbo		
Uncovered Clues	2U	3	Sorcery	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal up to two instant and/or sorcery cards from among them and put the revealed cards into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	U	U	Dragon's Maze	19	common	Jaime Jones		
Hired Torturer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Defender
{3}{B}, {T}: Target opponent loses 2 life, then reveals a card at random from their hand."	B	B	Dragon's Maze	25	common	Winona Nelson		
Rakdos Drake	2B	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dragon's Maze	28	common	Karl Kopinski		
Awe for the Guilds	2R	3	Sorcery	Monocolored creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Dragon's Maze	31	common	Mathias Kollros		
Battering Krasis	2G	3	Creature ? Fish Beast	"Trample
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	G	G	Dragon's Maze	41	common	Jack Wang		
Beetleform Mage	1GU	3	Creature ? Human Insect Wizard	{G}{U}: Beetleform Mage gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	U	U	Dragon's Maze	54	common	Marco Nelor		
Pilfered Plans	1UB	3	Sorcery	Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard. Draw two cards.	U	U	Dragon's Maze	90	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Viashino Firstblade	1RW	3	Creature ? Viashino Soldier	"Haste
When Viashino Firstblade enters the battlefield, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	113	common	Matt Stewart		
Azorius Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {U}.
{W}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Azorius Cluestone: Draw a card."		W	Dragon's Maze	136	common	Raoul Vitale		
Boros Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {W}.
{R}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Boros Cluestone: Draw a card."		W	Dragon's Maze	137	common	Raoul Vitale		
Dimir Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {B}.
{U}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Dimir Cluestone: Draw a card."		U	Dragon's Maze	138	common	Raoul Vitale		
Golgari Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {G}.
{B}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Golgari Cluestone: Draw a card."		G	Dragon's Maze	139	common	Raoul Vitale		
Gruul Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {G}.
{R}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Gruul Cluestone: Draw a card."		R	Dragon's Maze	140	common	Raoul Vitale		
Izzet Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {R}.
{U}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Izzet Cluestone: Draw a card."		U	Dragon's Maze	141	common	Raoul Vitale		
Orzhov Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {B}.
{W}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Orzhov Cluestone: Draw a card."		W	Dragon's Maze	142	common	Raoul Vitale		
Rakdos Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {R}.
{B}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Rakdos Cluestone: Draw a card."		R	Dragon's Maze	143	common	Raoul Vitale		
Selesnya Cluestone	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {W}.
{G}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Selesnya Cluestone: Draw a card."		W	Dragon's Maze	144	common	Raoul Vitale		
Gaddock Teeg	GW	2	Legendary Creature ? Kithkin Advisor	"Noncreature spells with converted mana cost 4 or greater can't be cast.
Noncreature spells with {X} in their mana costs can't be cast."	G	W	Lorwyn	248	rare	Greg Staples		
"Sygg, River Guide"	WU	2	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
{1}{W}: Target Merfolk you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	251	rare	Larry MacDougall		
Dolmen Gate	2	2	Artifact	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to attacking creatures you control.			Lorwyn	256	rare	Richard Sardinha		
Declaration of Naught	UU	2	Enchantment	"As Declaration of Naught enters the battlefield, choose a card name.
{U}: Counter target spell with the chosen name."	U	U	Morningtide	29	rare	Rob Alexander		
Grimoire Thief	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Whenever Grimoire Thief becomes tapped, exile the top three cards of target opponent's library face down.
You may look at cards exiled with Grimoire Thief.
{U}, Sacrifice Grimoire Thief: Turn all cards exiled with Grimoire Thief face up. Counter all spells with those names."	U	U	Morningtide	35	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Bitterblossom	1B	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Faerie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and create a 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature token with flying."	B	B	Morningtide	58	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Scarblade Elite	BB	2	Creature ? Elf Assassin	"{T}, Exile an Assassin card from your graveyard: Destroy target creature."	B	B	Morningtide	77	rare	Greg Staples		
Weirding Shaman	1B	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{3}{B}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Create two 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature tokens."	B	B	Morningtide	84	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Cream of the Crop	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may look at the top X cards of your library, where X is that creature's power. If you do, put one of those cards on top of your library and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Morningtide	117	rare	Howard Lyon		
Greater Auramancy	1W	2	Enchantment	"Other enchantments you control have shroud. (A permanent with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Enchanted creatures you control have shroud."	W	W	Shadowmoor	7	rare	Chuck Lukacs		
Runed Halo	WW	2	Enchantment	"As Runed Halo enters the battlefield, choose a card name.
You have protection from the chosen name. (You can't be targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything with that name.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	21	rare	Steve Prescott		
Prismatic Omen	1G	2	Enchantment	Lands you control are every basic land type in addition to their other types.	G	G	Shadowmoor	126	rare	John Avon		
"Sygg, River Cutthroat"	U/BU/B	2	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost 3 or more life this turn, you may draw a card. (Damage causes loss of life.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	176	rare	Jeremy Enecio		
Vexing Shusher	R/GR/G	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"This spell can't be countered.
{R/G}: Target spell can't be countered."	R	R	Shadowmoor	222	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Wheel of Sun and Moon	G/WG/W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant player
If a card would be put into enchanted player's graveyard from anywhere, instead that card is revealed and put on the bottom of that player's library."	W	W	Shadowmoor	243	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Fiery Bombardment	1R	2	Enchantment	"Chroma ? {2}, Sacrifice a creature: Fiery Bombardment deals damage to any target equal to the number of red mana symbols in the sacrificed creature's mana cost."	R	R	Eventide	52	rare	Nils Hamm		
Stigma Lasher	RR	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Whenever Stigma Lasher deals damage to a player, that player can't gain life for the rest of the game."	R	R	Eventide	62	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Bloom Tender	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: For each color among permanents you control, add one mana of that color."	G	G	Eventide	66	rare	Chippy		
Talara's Battalion	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Cast this spell only if you've cast another green spell this turn.
Trample"	G	G	Eventide	77	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Rise of the Hobgoblins	R/WR/W	2	Enchantment	"When Rise of the Hobgoblins enters the battlefield, you may pay {X}. If you do, create X 1/1 red and white Goblin Soldier creature tokens.
{R/W}: Red creatures and white creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Eventide	145	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Leering Emblem	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever you cast a spell, equipped creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Equip {2}"			Eventide	171	rare	Ron Brown		
Ethersworn Canonist	1W	2	Artifact Creature ? Human Cleric	Each player who has cast a nonartifact spell this turn can't cast additional nonartifact spells.	W	W	Shards of Alara	10	rare	Izzy		
Knight of the White Orchid	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
When Knight of the White Orchid enters the battlefield, if an opponent controls more lands than you, you may search your library for a Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Shards of Alara	16	rare	Mark Zug		
Ooze Garden	1G	2	Enchantment	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice a non-Ooze creature: Create an X/X green Ooze creature token, where X is the sacrificed creature's power. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	G	G	Shards of Alara	143	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Mark of Asylum	1W	2	Enchantment	Prevent all noncombat damage that would be dealt to creatures you control.	W	W	Conflux	10	rare	Sal Villagran		
Scepter of Fugue	BB	2	Artifact	"{1}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only during your turn."	B	B	Conflux	53	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Cylian Sunsinger	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	{R}{G}{W}: Cylian Sunsinger and each other creature with the same name as it get +3/+3 until end of turn.	G	W	Conflux	80	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Meddling Mage	WU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"As Meddling Mage enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card name.
Spells with the chosen name can't be cast."	W	W	Alara Reborn	8	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Time Sieve	UB	2	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice five artifacts: Take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Alara Reborn	31	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Knotvine Paladin	GW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Knotvine Paladin attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each untapped creature you control."	W	W	Alara Reborn	71	rare	Matt Stewart		
Vedalken Heretic	GU	2	Creature ? Vedalken Rogue	"Whenever Vedalken Heretic deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	U	U	Alara Reborn	104	rare	Greg Staples		
Armament Master	WW	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier	Other Kor creatures you control get +2/+2 for each Equipment attached to Armament Master.	W	W	Zendikar	1	rare	Steven Belledin		
Luminarch Ascension	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each opponent's end step, if you didn't lose life this turn, you may put a quest counter on Luminarch Ascension. (Damage causes loss of life.)
{1}{W}: Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying. Activate this ability only if Luminarch Ascension has four or more quest counters on it."	W	W	Zendikar	25	rare	Michael Komarck		
Bloodghast	BB	2	Creature ? Vampire Spirit	"Bloodghast can't block.
Bloodghast has haste as long as an opponent has 10 or less life.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Bloodghast from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Zendikar	83	rare	Daarken		
Pyromancer Ascension	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that has the same name as a card in your graveyard, you may put a quest counter on Pyromancer Ascension.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell while Pyromancer Ascension has two or more quest counters on it, you may copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Zendikar	143	rare	Kev Walker		
Jwari Shapeshifter	1U	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter Ally	You may have Jwari Shapeshifter enter the battlefield as a copy of any Ally creature on the battlefield.	U	U	Worldwake	32	rare	Kev Walker		
Kalastria Highborn	BB	2	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Whenever Kalastria Highborn or another Vampire you control dies, you may pay {B}. If you do, target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Worldwake	59	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Bazaar Trader	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"{T}: Target player gains control of target artifact, creature, or land you control."	R	R	Worldwake	72	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Harabaz Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid Ally	"{T}: Add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of Allies you control."	G	G	Worldwake	105	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Kor Spiritdancer	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Wizard	"Kor Spiritdancer gets +2/+2 for each Aura attached to it.
Whenever you cast an Aura spell, you may draw a card."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	31	rare	Scott Chou		
Renegade Doppelganger	1U	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Renegade Doppelganger become a copy of that creature until end of turn. (If it does, it loses this ability for the rest of the turn.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	84	rare	James Ryman		
Tajuru Preserver	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	Spells and abilities your opponents control can't cause you to sacrifice permanents.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	211	rare	rk post		
Leonin Arbiter	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Cleric	Players can't search libraries. Any player may pay {2} for that player to ignore this effect until end of turn.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	14	rare	Shelly Wan		
Tunnel Ignus	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, if that player had another land enter the battlefield under their control this turn, Tunnel Ignus deals 3 damage to that player."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	105	rare	Scott Chou		
Grindclock	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Put a charge counter on Grindclock.
{T}: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of charge counters on Grindclock."			Scars of Mirrodin	163	rare	Nils Hamm		
Livewire Lash	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has ""Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell, this creature deals 2 damage to any target.""
Equip {2}"			Scars of Mirrodin	172	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Nim Deathmantle	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2, has intimidate, and is a black Zombie. (A creature with intimidate can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Whenever a nontoken creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {4}. If you do, return that card to the battlefield and attach Nim Deathmantle to it.
Equip {4}"			Scars of Mirrodin	188	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Ratchet Bomb	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Put a charge counter on Ratchet Bomb.
{T}, Sacrifice Ratchet Bomb: Destroy each nonland permanent with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Ratchet Bomb."			Scars of Mirrodin	196	rare	Austin Hsu		
Phyrexian Revoker	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Horror	"As Phyrexian Revoker enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card name.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can't be activated."			Mirrodin Besieged	122	rare	Kev Walker		
Puresteel Paladin	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever an Equipment enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card.
Metalcraft ? Equipment you control have equip {0} as long as you control three or more artifacts."	W	W	New Phyrexia	20	rare	Jason Chan		
Psychic Surgery	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent shuffles their library, you may look at the top two cards of that library. You may exile one of those cards. Then put the rest on top of that library in any order."	U	U	New Phyrexia	44	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Glistening Oil	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has infect.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -1/-1 counter on enchanted creature.
When Glistening Oil is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Glistening Oil to its owner's hand."	B	B	New Phyrexia	62	rare	Steven Belledin		
"Melira, Sylvok Outcast"	1G	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Scout	"You can't get poison counters.
Creatures you control can't have -1/-1 counters put on them.
Creatures your opponents control lose infect."	G	G	New Phyrexia	115	rare	Min Yum		
Myr Superion	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	Spend only mana produced by creatures to cast Myr Superion.			New Phyrexia	146	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Spellskite	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Horror	{U/P}: Change a target of target spell or ability to Spellskite. ({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)		U	New Phyrexia	159	rare	Chippy		
Torpor Orb	2	2	Artifact	Creatures entering the battlefield don't cause abilities to trigger.			New Phyrexia	162	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Elite Inquisitor	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike, vigilance
Protection from Vampires, from Werewolves, and from Zombies"	W	W	Innistrad	13	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Stony Silence	1W	2	Enchantment	Activated abilities of artifacts can't be activated.	W	W	Innistrad	36	rare	Wayne England		
Mindshrieker	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit Bird	"Flying
{2}: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. Mindshrieker gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is that card's converted mana cost."	U	U	Innistrad	67	rare	Dave Kendall		
Snapcaster Mage	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash
When Snapcaster Mage enters the battlefield, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Innistrad	78	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Heartless Summoning	1B	2	Enchantment	"Creature spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.
Creatures you control get -1/-1."	B	B	Innistrad	104	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Skirsdag High Priest	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Morbid ? {T}, Tap two untapped creatures you control: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying. Activate this ability only if a creature died this turn."	B	B	Innistrad	117	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Curse of Stalked Prey	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a creature deals combat damage to enchanted player, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	R	R	Innistrad	136	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Runechanter's Pike	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike and gets +X/+0, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard.
Equip {2}"			Innistrad	231	rare	John Avon		
"Thalia, Guardian of Thraben"	1W	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Noncreature spells cost {1} more to cast."	W	W	Dark Ascension	24	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Deranged Outcast	1G	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice a Human: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature."	G	G	Dark Ascension	112	rare	Nils Hamm		
Gloom Surgeon	1B	2	Creature ? Spirit	"If combat damage would be dealt to Gloom Surgeon, prevent that damage and exile that many cards from the top of your library."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	104	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Treacherous Pit-Dweller	BB	2	Creature ? Demon	"When Treacherous Pit-Dweller enters the battlefield from a graveyard, target opponent gains control of it.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	121	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Dual Casting	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{R}, {T}: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy."""	R	R	Avacyn Restored	133	rare	Johannes Voss		
Precinct Captain	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Whenever Precinct Captain deals combat damage to a player, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	17	rare	Steve Prescott		
Rest in Peace	1W	2	Enchantment	"When Rest in Peace enters the battlefield, exile all cards from all graveyards.
If a card or token would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	18	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Pack Rat	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"Pack Rat's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Rats you control.
{2}{B}, Discard a card: Create a token that's a copy of Pack Rat."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	73	rare	Kev Walker		
Ash Zealot	RR	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"First strike, haste
Whenever a player casts a spell from a graveyard, Ash Zealot deals 3 damage to that player."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	86	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Lotleth Troll	BG	2	Creature ? Zombie Troll	"Trample
Discard a creature card: Put a +1/+1 counter on Lotleth Troll.
{B}: Regenerate Lotleth Troll."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	177	rare	Vincent Proce		
Blind Obedience	1W	2	Enchantment	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)
Artifacts and creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	W	W	Gatecrash	6	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Gyre Sage	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
{T}: Add {G} for each +1/+1 counter on Gyre Sage."	G	G	Gatecrash	123	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
High Priest of Penance	WB	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever High Priest of Penance is dealt damage, you may destroy target nonland permanent."	W	W	Gatecrash	171	rare	Mark Zug		
Illusionist's Bracers	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever an ability of equipped creature is activated, if it isn't a mana ability, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Equip {3}"			Gatecrash	231	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Blood Scrivener	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"If you would draw a card while you have no cards in hand, instead draw two cards and lose 1 life."	B	B	Dragon's Maze	22	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Skylasher	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	"Flash
This spell can't be countered.
Reach, protection from blue"	G	G	Dragon's Maze	49	rare	Dan Scott		
Artisan of Forms	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Artisan of Forms, you may have Artisan of Forms become a copy of target creature, except it has this ability."	U	U	Theros	40	rare	Min Yum		
Sylvan Caryatid	1G	2	Creature ? Plant	"Defender, hexproof
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Theros	180	rare	Chase Stone		
Fleecemane Lion	GW	2	Creature ? Cat	"{3}{G}{W}: Monstrosity 1. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Fleecemane Lion is monstrous, it has hexproof and indestructible."	W	W	Theros	193	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
"Tymaret, the Murder King"	BR	2	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice another creature: Tymaret, the Murder King deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{1}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Return Tymaret from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Theros	207	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Hero of Iroas	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Aura spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Hero of Iroas, put a +1/+1 counter on Hero of Iroas."	W	W	Born of the Gods	17	rare	Willian Murai		
Spirit of the Labyrinth	1W	2	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	Each player can't draw more than one card each turn.	W	W	Born of the Gods	27	rare	Jason Chan		
Mindreaver	UU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Mindreaver, exile the top three cards of target player's library.
{U}{U}, Sacrifice Mindreaver: Counter target spell with the same name as a card exiled with Mindreaver."	U	U	Born of the Gods	44	rare	Wesley Burt		
Pain Seer	1B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Inspired ? Whenever Pain Seer becomes untapped, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Born of the Gods	80	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Satyr Firedancer	1R	2	Enchantment Creature ? Satyr	"Whenever an instant or sorcery spell you control deals damage to an opponent, Satyr Firedancer deals that much damage to target creature that player controls."	R	R	Born of the Gods	108	rare	Chris Rahn		
Aegis of the Gods	1W	2	Enchantment Creature ? Human Soldier	You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	W	W	Journey into Nyx	1	rare	Yefim Kligerman		
Battlefield Thaumaturge	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Each instant and sorcery spell you cast costs {1} less to cast for each creature it targets.
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Battlefield Thaumaturge, Battlefield Thaumaturge gains hexproof until end of turn."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	31	rare	Mike Sass		
Hamlet Captain	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Hamlet Captain attacks or blocks, other Humans you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Innistrad	187	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Murder Investigation	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
When enchanted creature dies, create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens, where X is its power."	W	W	Gatecrash	21	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Circle of Protection: Artifacts	1W	2	Enchantment	"{2}: The next time an artifact source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	8	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Relic Barrier	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Tap target artifact.			Fifth Dawn	147	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Dark Heart of the Wood	BG	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice a Forest: You gain 3 life.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	200	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Mistmeadow Skulk	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Rogue	"Lifelink, protection from converted mana cost 3 or greater"	W	W	Shadowmoor	14	uncommon	Omar Rayyan		
Fractured Loyalty	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, that spell or ability's controller gains control of that creature. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	R	R	Mirrodin	93	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Isochron Scepter	2	2	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Isochron Scepter enters the battlefield, you may exile an instant card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your hand.
{2}, {T}: You may copy the exiled card. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost."			Mirrodin	188	uncommon	Mark Harrison		
Lightning Greaves	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has haste and shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Equip {0}"			Mirrodin	199	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Myr Retriever	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"When Myr Retriever dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."			Mirrodin	215	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Talisman of Dominance	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}. Talisman of Dominance deals 1 damage to you."		U	Mirrodin	253	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Talisman of Indulgence	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}. Talisman of Indulgence deals 1 damage to you."		R	Mirrodin	255	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Talisman of Progress	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}. Talisman of Progress deals 1 damage to you."		W	Mirrodin	256	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Arcbound Slith	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Slith	"Whenever Arcbound Slith deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Modular 1 (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	102	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Coretapper	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"{T}: Put a charge counter on target artifact.
Sacrifice Coretapper: Put two charge counters on target artifact."			Darksteel	107	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Dragon's Claw	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a red spell, you may gain 1 life."			Darksteel	117	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Genesis Chamber	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield, if Genesis Chamber is untapped, that creature's controller creates a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token."			Darksteel	122	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Spawning Pit	2	2	Artifact	"Sacrifice a creature: Put a charge counter on Spawning Pit.
{1}, Remove two charge counters from Spawning Pit: Create a 2/2 colorless Spawn artifact creature token."			Darksteel	141	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Energy Chamber	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target artifact creature.
? Put a charge counter on target noncreature artifact."			Fifth Dawn	117	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Grinding Station	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield, you may untap Grinding Station."			Fifth Dawn	127	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Candles' Glow	1W	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{W} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	5	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Aura of Dominion	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Untap enchanted creature."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	51	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Guardian of Solitude	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	64	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Soilshaper	1G	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target land becomes a 3/3 creature until end of turn. It's still a land."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	243	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Tallowisp	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may search your library for an Aura card with enchant creature, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	25	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Ward of Piety	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}{W}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature this turn is dealt to any target instead."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	28	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Hand of Honor	WW	2	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Protection from black
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	12	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Hand of Cruelty	BB	2	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Protection from white
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	71	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Ebony Owl Netsuke	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has seven or more cards in hand, Ebony Owl Netsuke deals 4 damage to that player."			Saviors of Kamigawa	154	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Suppression Field	1W	2	Enchantment	Activated abilities cost {2} more to activate unless they're mana abilities.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	31	uncommon	John Avon		
Golgari Thug	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Golgari Thug dies, put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library.
Dredge 4 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly four cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	87	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Wall of Shards	1W	2	Snow Creature ? Wall	"Defender, flying
Cumulative upkeep?An opponent gains 1 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	23	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Counterbalance	UU	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may reveal the top card of your library. If you do, counter that spell if it has the same converted mana cost as the revealed card."	U	U	Coldsnap	31	uncommon	John Zeleznik		
Stromgald Crusader	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Protection from white
{B}: Stromgald Crusader gains flying until end of turn.
{B}{B}: Stromgald Crusader gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Coldsnap	71	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Coldsteel Heart	2	2	Snow Artifact	"Coldsteel Heart enters the battlefield tapped.
As Coldsteel Heart enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{T}: Add one mana of the chosen color."			Coldsnap	136	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Sword of the Meek	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+2.
Equip {2}
Whenever a 1/1 creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Sword of the Meek from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach it to that creature."			Future Sight	165	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Knight of Meadowgrain	WW	2	Creature ? Kithkin Knight	"First strike
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	28	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Bramblewood Paragon	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Each other Warrior creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample."	G	G	Morningtide	115	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Pyre Charger	RR	2	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Haste
{R}: Pyre Charger gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	103	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Crumbling Ashes	1B	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy target creature with a -1/-1 counter on it."	B	B	Eventide	35	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Groundling Pouncer	1G/U	2	Creature ? Faerie	{G/U}: Groundling Pouncer gets +1/+3 and gains flying until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn and only if an opponent controls a creature with flying.	U	U	Eventide	154	uncommon	Richard Whitters		
Tidehollow Sculler	WB	2	Artifact Creature ? Zombie	"When Tidehollow Sculler enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand and you choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card.
When Tidehollow Sculler leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to its owner's hand."	W	W	Shards of Alara	202	uncommon	rk post		
Thopter Foundry	W/BU	2	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice a nontoken artifact: Create a 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature token with flying. You gain 1 life."	W	W	Alara Reborn	133	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Vampire Hexmage	BB	2	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"First strike
Sacrifice Vampire Hexmage: Remove all counters from target permanent."	B	B	Zendikar	114	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Kor Firewalker	WW	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"Protection from red
Whenever a player casts a red spell, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Worldwake	11	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Hammer of Ruin	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may destroy target Equipment that player controls.
Equip {2}"			Worldwake	124	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Wall of Omens	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Wall of Omens enters the battlefield, draw a card."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	53	uncommon	James Paick		
Bramblesnap	1G	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Tap an untapped creature you control: Bramblesnap gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	180	uncommon	James Ryman		
Lifesmith	1G	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 3 life."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	124	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Mindcrank	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever an opponent loses life, that player puts that many cards from the top of their library into their graveyard. (Damage dealt by sources without infect causes loss of life.)"			New Phyrexia	144	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Shrine of Burning Rage	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever you cast a red spell, put a charge counter on Shrine of Burning Rage.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Shrine of Burning Rage: It deals damage equal to the number of charge counters on it to any target."			New Phyrexia	153	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Strangleroot Geist	GG	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Dark Ascension	127	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Blood Artist	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever Blood Artist or another creature dies, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	86	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Tablet of the Guilds	2	2	Artifact	"As Tablet of the Guilds enters the battlefield, choose two colors.
Whenever you cast a spell, if it's at least one of the chosen colors, you gain 1 life for each of the chosen colors it is."			Return to Ravnica	235	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Nyx-Fleece Ram	1W	2	Enchantment Creature ? Sheep	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	18	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Mogis's Warhound	1R	2	Enchantment Creature ? Hound	"Bestow {2}{R} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Mogis's Warhound attacks each combat if able.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	104	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Auriok Bladewarden	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Auriok Bladewarden's power."	W	W	Mirrodin	3	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Slith Bloodletter	BB	2	Creature ? Slith	"Whenever Slith Bloodletter deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Slith Bloodletter."	B	B	Mirrodin	77	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Slith Firewalker	RR	2	Creature ? Slith	"Haste
Whenever Slith Firewalker deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Mirrodin	107	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Slith Predator	GG	2	Creature ? Slith	"Trample
Whenever Slith Predator deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Mirrodin	129	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Banshee's Blade	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each charge counter on Banshee's Blade.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage, put a charge counter on Banshee's Blade.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	144	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Mask of Memory	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw two cards. If you do, discard a card.
Equip {1}"			Mirrodin	203	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Power Conduit	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Remove a counter from a permanent you control: Choose one ?
? Put a charge counter on target artifact.
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."			Mirrodin	229	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Sun Droplet	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever you're dealt damage, put that many charge counters on Sun Droplet.
At the beginning of each upkeep, you may remove a charge counter from Sun Droplet. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Mirrodin	249	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Talisman of Impulse	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}. Talisman of Impulse deals 1 damage to you."		R	Mirrodin	254	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Talisman of Unity	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}. Talisman of Unity deals 1 damage to you."		W	Mirrodin	257	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Carry Away	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Equipment
When Carry Away enters the battlefield, unattach enchanted Equipment.
You control enchanted Equipment."	U	U	Darksteel	19	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Goblin Archaeologist	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"{R}, {T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy target artifact and untap Goblin Archaeologist. If you lose the flip, sacrifice Goblin Archaeologist."	R	R	Darksteel	63	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Angel's Feather	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a white spell, you may gain 1 life."			Darksteel	92	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Darksteel Brute	2	2	Artifact	"Indestructible (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this artifact.)
{3}: Darksteel Brute becomes a 2/2 Beast artifact creature until end of turn."			Darksteel	108	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Demon's Horn	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a black spell, you may gain 1 life."			Darksteel	116	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Kraken's Eye	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a blue spell, you may gain 1 life."			Darksteel	126	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Specter's Shroud	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Darksteel	142	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Spincrusher	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Spincrusher blocks, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spincrusher: Spincrusher can't be blocked this turn."			Darksteel	144	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Surestrike Trident	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike and ""{T}, Unattach Surestrike Trident: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker.""
Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Darksteel	147	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Wurm's Tooth	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a green spell, you may gain 1 life."			Darksteel	162	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Vedalken Mastermind	UU	2	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Return target permanent you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	40	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Konda's Hatamoto	1W	2	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
As long as you control a legendary Samurai, Konda's Hatamoto gets +1/+2 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	31	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Samurai of the Pale Curtain	WW	2	Creature ? Fox Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
If a permanent would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	43	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Nezumi Bone-Reader	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Shaman	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	127	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Swallowing Plague	XBB	2	Sorcery ? Arcane	Swallowing Plague deals X damage to target creature and you gain X life.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	146	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
No-Dachi	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has first strike.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Champions of Kamigawa	264	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Reito Lantern	2	2	Artifact	{3}: Put target card from a graveyard on the bottom of its owner's library.			Champions of Kamigawa	267	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Terashi's Verdict	1W	2	Instant ? Arcane	Destroy target attacking creature with power 3 or less.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	27	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Kaijin of the Vanishing Touch	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Kaijin of the Vanishing Touch blocks a creature, return that creature to its owner's hand at end of combat. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	39	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Minamo Sightbender	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{X}, {T}: Target creature with power X or less can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	41	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Stream of Consciousness	1U	2	Instant ? Arcane	Target player shuffles up to four target cards from their graveyard into their library.	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	53	uncommon	John Avon		
Akki Raider	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever a land is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Akki Raider gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	92	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Loam Dweller	1G	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	134	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Mark of Sakiko	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, add that much {G}. Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."""	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	135	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Inner-Chamber Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	13	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Ghost-Lit Warder	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"{3}{U}, {T}: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}.
Channel ? {3}{U}, Discard Ghost-Lit Warder: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {4}."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	39	uncommon	Kensuke Okabayashi		
Shape Stealer	UU	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter Spirit	"Whenever Shape Stealer blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, change Shape Stealer's base power and toughness to that creature's power and toughness until end of turn."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	55	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Dense Canopy	1G	2	Enchantment	Creatures with flying can block only creatures with flying.	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	125	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Ivory Crane Netsuke	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have seven or more cards in hand, you gain 4 life."			Saviors of Kamigawa	155	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Manriki-Gusari	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+2 and has ""{T}: Destroy target Equipment.""
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Saviors of Kamigawa	156	uncommon	Thomas Gianni		
Lore Broker	1U	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{T}: Each player draws a card, then discards a card."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	57	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Instill Furor	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice this creature unless it attacked this turn."""	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	134	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Boros Swiftblade	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Double strike	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	193	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Watchwolf	GW	2	Creature ? Wolf		W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	239	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Boros Guildmage	R/WR/W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{R}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
{1}{W}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	242	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Golgari Guildmage	B/GB/G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{4}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
{4}{G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	248	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Selesnya Guildmage	G/WG/W	2	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"{3}{G}: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
{3}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	252	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Cyclopean Snare	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Tap target creature, then return Cyclopean Snare to its owner's hand."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	259	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Vertigo Spawn	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Defender
Whenever Vertigo Spawn blocks a creature, tap that creature. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Guildpact	42	uncommon	Ittoku		
Dryad Sophisticate	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	Nonbasic landwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a nonbasic land.)	G	G	Guildpact	83	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Gatherer of Graces	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Gatherer of Graces gets +1/+1 for each Aura attached to it.
Sacrifice an Aura: Regenerate Gatherer of Graces."	G	G	Guildpact	85	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Gruul Guildmage	R/GR/G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"({R/G} can be paid with either {R} or {G}.)
{3}{R}, Sacrifice a land: Gruul Guildmage deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{3}{G}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Guildpact	144	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Izzet Guildmage	U/RU/R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"({U/R} can be paid with either {U} or {R}.)
{2}{U}: Copy target instant spell you control with converted mana cost 2 or less. You may choose new targets for the copy.
{2}{R}: Copy target sorcery spell you control with converted mana cost 2 or less. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Guildpact	145	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Orzhov Guildmage	W/BW/B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{W}: Target player gains 1 life.
{2}{B}: Each player loses 1 life."	W	W	Guildpact	147	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Plaxmanta	1U	2	Creature ? Beast	"Flash
When Plaxmanta enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain shroud until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)
When Plaxmanta enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless {G} was spent to cast it."	U	U	Dissension	29	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Drekavac	1B	2	Creature ? Beast	"When Drekavac enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a noncreature card."	B	B	Dissension	43	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Squealing Devil	1R	2	Creature ? Devil	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
When Squealing Devil enters the battlefield, you may pay {X}. If you do, target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.
When Squealing Devil enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless {B} was spent to cast it."	R	R	Dissension	72	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Azorius Guildmage	W/UW/U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{2}{W}: Tap target creature.
{2}{U}: Counter target activated ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	W	W	Dissension	141	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Rakdos Guildmage	B/RB/R	2	Creature ? Zombie Shaman	"({B/R} can be paid with either {B} or {R}.)
{3}{B}, Discard a card: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
{3}{R}: Create a 2/1 red Goblin creature token with haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Dissension	145	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Simic Guildmage	G/UG/U	2	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"({G/U} can be paid with either {G} or {U}.)
{1}{G}: Move a +1/+1 counter from target creature onto another target creature with the same controller.
{1}{U}: Attach target Aura attached to a permanent to another permanent with the same controller."	U	U	Dissension	148	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Magewright's Stone	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Untap target creature that has an activated ability with {T} in its cost."			Dissension	162	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Jtun Grunt	1W	2	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Cumulative upkeep?Put two cards from a single graveyard on the bottom of their owner's library. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	8	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
White Shield Crusader	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from black
{W}: White Shield Crusader gains flying until end of turn.
{W}{W}: White Shield Crusader gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Coldsnap	24	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Rime Transfusion	1B	2	Snow Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has ""{S}: This creature can't be blocked this turn except by snow creatures."" ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	68	uncommon	Jeff Nentrup		
Freyalise's Radiance	1G	2	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Snow permanents don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	G	G	Coldsnap	108	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Sheltering Ancient	1G	2	Creature ? Treefolk	"Trample
Cumulative upkeep?Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature an opponent controls. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	G	G	Coldsnap	121	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Knight of the Holy Nimbus	WW	2	Creature ? Human Rebel Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
If Knight of the Holy Nimbus would be destroyed, regenerate it.
{2}: Knight of the Holy Nimbus can't be regenerated this turn. Only any opponent may activate this ability."	W	W	Time Spiral	26	uncommon	Wayne England		
Quilled Sliver	1W	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: This permanent deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."""	W	W	Time Spiral	37	uncommon	John Matson		
Spirit Loop	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, you gain that much life.
When Spirit Loop is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Spirit Loop to its owner's hand."	W	W	Time Spiral	42	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Thick-Skinned Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"You may pay {0} rather than pay the echo cost for permanents you control.
{R}: Thick-Skinned Goblin gains protection from red until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	182	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Aspect of Mongoose	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
When Aspect of Mongoose is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Aspect of Mongoose to its owner's hand."	G	G	Time Spiral	191	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Pendelhaven Elder	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	{T}: Each 1/1 creature you control gets +1/+2 until end of turn.	G	G	Time Spiral	209	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Scryb Ranger	1G	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying, protection from blue
Return a Forest you control to its owner's hand: Untap target creature. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Time Spiral	215	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Ghostflame Sliver	BR	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Slivers are colorless.	R	R	Time Spiral	239	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Mantle of Leadership	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, enchanted creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Planar Chaos	9	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Mycologist	1W	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Mycologist.
Remove three spore counters from Mycologist: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: You gain 2 life."	W	W	Planar Chaos	27	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Riptide Pilferer	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Whenever Riptide Pilferer deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Planar Chaos	60	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Circle of Affliction	1B	2	Enchantment	"As Circle of Affliction enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever a source of the chosen color deals damage to you, you may pay {1}. If you do, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Planar Chaos	66	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Dunerider Outlaw	BB	2	Creature ? Human Rebel Rogue	"Protection from green
At the beginning of each end step, if Dunerider Outlaw dealt damage to an opponent this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Planar Chaos	86	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Blood Knight	RR	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike, protection from white"	R	R	Planar Chaos	115	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Kavu Predator	1G	2	Creature ? Kavu	"Trample
Whenever an opponent gains life, put that many +1/+1 counters on Kavu Predator."	G	G	Planar Chaos	132	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Cautery Sliver	RW	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{1}, Sacrifice this permanent: This permanent deals 1 damage to any target.""
All Slivers have ""{1}, Sacrifice this permanent: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target player, planeswalker, or Sliver creature this turn."""	W	W	Planar Chaos	154	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Darkheart Sliver	BG	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""Sacrifice this permanent: You gain 3 life."""	G	G	Planar Chaos	155	uncommon	rk post		
Cloudseeder	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Spellshaper	"Flying
{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 blue Faerie creature token named Cloud Sprite. It has flying and ""Cloud Sprite can block only creatures with flying."""	U	U	Future Sight	33	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Pooling Venom	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, its controller loses 2 life.
{3}{B}: Destroy enchanted land."	B	B	Future Sight	74	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Skirk Ridge Exhumer	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Spellshaper	"{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 black Zombie Goblin creature token named Festering Goblin. It has ""When Festering Goblin dies, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."""	B	B	Future Sight	77	uncommon	Michael Phillippi		
Riftsweeper	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Riftsweeper enters the battlefield, choose target face-up exiled card. Its owner shuffles it into their library."	G	G	Future Sight	136	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Sliversmith	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Spellshaper	"{1}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 colorless Sliver artifact creature token named Metallic Sliver."			Future Sight	163	uncommon	John Avon		
Soultether Golem	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Vanishing 1 (This creature enters the battlefield with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a time counter on Soultether Golem."			Future Sight	164	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Entangling Trap	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you clash, tap target creature an opponent controls. If you won, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step. (This ability triggers after the clash ends.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	13	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Wizened Cenn	WW	2	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	Other Kithkin creatures you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Lorwyn	49	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Merrow Commerce	1U	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Merfolk	"At the beginning of your end step, untap all Merfolk you control."	U	U	Lorwyn	72	uncommon	Steve Ellis		
Nectar Faerie	1B	2	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
{B}, {T}: Target Faerie or Elf gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	130	uncommon	Thomas Denmark		
Prowess of the Fair	1B	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Elf	"Whenever another nontoken Elf is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	B	B	Lorwyn	136	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Squeaking Pie Sneak	1B	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a Goblin card from your hand or pay {3}.
Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	142	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Flamekin Spitfire	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	{3}{R}: Flamekin Spitfire deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Lorwyn	168	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Wren's Run Vanquisher	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal an Elf card from your hand or pay {3}.
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	245	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Oona's Blackguard	1B	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Each other Rogue creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Morningtide	72	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Wolf-Skull Shaman	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Wolf-Skull Shaman, you may reveal it. If you do, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token."	G	G	Morningtide	140	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Cloak and Dagger	2	2	Tribal Artifact ? Rogue Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Whenever a Rogue creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Cloak and Dagger to it.
Equip {3}"			Morningtide	141	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Thornbite Staff	2	2	Tribal Artifact ? Shaman Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{2}, {T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target"" and ""Whenever a creature dies, untap this creature.""
Whenever a Shaman creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Thornbite Staff to it.
Equip {4}"			Morningtide	145	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Veteran's Armaments	2	2	Tribal Artifact ? Soldier Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""Whenever this creature attacks or blocks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each attacking creature.""
Whenever a Soldier creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Veteran's Armaments to it.
Equip {2}"			Morningtide	146	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Bloodmark Mentor	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Red creatures you control have first strike.	R	R	Shadowmoor	83	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Mistmeadow Witch	1W/U	2	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	{2}{W}{U}: Exile target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Shadowmoor	144	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Puresight Merrow	W/UW/U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{W/U}, {Q}: Look at the top card of your library. You may exile that card. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	146	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Inkfathom Infiltrator	U/BU/B	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	Inkfathom Infiltrator can't block and can't be blocked.	U	U	Shadowmoor	167	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Inkfathom Witch	1U/B	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
{2}{U}{B}: Each unblocked creature has base power and toughness 4/1 until end of turn."	U	U	Shadowmoor	168	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Spiteflame Witch	1B/R	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	{B}{R}: Each player loses 1 life.	R	R	Shadowmoor	197	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Tattermunge Witch	1R/G	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	{R}{G}: Each blocked creature gets +1/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Shadowmoor	220	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Revelsong Horn	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Shadowmoor	261	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Trip Noose	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Tap target creature."			Shadowmoor	266	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Patrol Signaler	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"{1}{W}, {Q}: Create a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Eventide	12	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Suture Spirit	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{W/B}{W/B}{W/B}: Regenerate target creature."	W	W	Eventide	16	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Indigo Faerie	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
{U}: Target permanent becomes blue in addition to its other colors until end of turn."	U	U	Eventide	24	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Metallurgeon	1W	2	Artifact Creature ? Human Artificer	"{W}, {T}: Regenerate target artifact."	W	W	Shards of Alara	19	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Sigiled Paladin	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	27	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Puppet Conjurer	1B	2	Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Create a 0/1 blue Homunculus artifact creature token.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a Homunculus."	B	U	Shards of Alara	82	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Jhessian Infiltrator	GU	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	Jhessian Infiltrator can't be blocked.	U	U	Shards of Alara	174	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Necrogenesis	BG	2	Enchantment	{2}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.	G	G	Shards of Alara	181	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Thoughtcutter Agent	UB	2	Artifact Creature ? Human Rogue	"{U}{B}, {T}: Target player loses 1 life and reveals their hand."	U	U	Shards of Alara	201	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Hellspark Elemental	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Hellspark Elemental.
Unearth {1}{R} ({1}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Conflux	65	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Shield of the Righteous	WU	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+2 and has vigilance.
Whenever equipped creature blocks a creature, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Equip {2}"	W	W	Alara Reborn	11	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Mask of Riddles	UB	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
Equip {2}"	U	U	Alara Reborn	25	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Demonspine Whip	BR	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"{X}: Equipped creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.
Equip {1}"	R	R	Alara Reborn	39	uncommon	Mark Hyzer		
Stun Sniper	RW	2	Creature ? Human Archer	"{1}, {T}: Stun Sniper deals 1 damage to target creature. Tap that creature."	W	W	Alara Reborn	100	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Kazandu Blademaster	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Ally	"First strike, vigilance
Whenever Kazandu Blademaster or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Kazandu Blademaster."	W	W	Zendikar	16	uncommon	Michael Komarck		
Kor Aeronaut	WW	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"Kicker {1}{W} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Kor Aeronaut enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, target creature gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Zendikar	17	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Aether Figment	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
Aether Figment can't be blocked.
If Aether Figment was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Zendikar	40	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Gatekeeper of Malakir	BB	2	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Kicker {B} (You may pay an additional {B} as you cast this spell.)
When Gatekeeper of Malakir enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, target player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Zendikar	89	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Frontier Guide	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	"{3}{G}, {T}: Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Zendikar	161	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Quest for the Gemblades	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a creature, you may put a quest counter on Quest for the Gemblades.
Remove a quest counter from Quest for the Gemblades and sacrifice it: Put four +1/+1 counters on target creature."	G	G	Zendikar	177	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Carnage Altar	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card."			Zendikar	198	uncommon	James Paick		
Trailblazer's Boots	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has nonbasic landwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a nonbasic land.)
Equip {2}"			Zendikar	208	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Ruin Ghost	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	"{W}, {T}: Exile target land you control, then return it to the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Worldwake	19	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Sejiri Merfolk	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"As long as you control a Plains, Sejiri Merfolk has first strike and lifelink. (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	U	U	Worldwake	36	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Slavering Nulls	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Zombie	"Whenever Slavering Nulls deals combat damage to a player, if you control a Swamp, you may have that player discard a card."	R	R	Worldwake	92	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Canopy Cover	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.
Enchanted creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control."	G	G	Worldwake	98	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Quest for Renewal	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, you may put a quest counter on Quest for Renewal.
As long as there are four or more quest counters on Quest for Renewal, untap all creatures you control during each other player's untap step."	G	G	Worldwake	110	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Time of Heroes	1W	2	Enchantment	Each creature you control with a level counter on it gets +2/+2.	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	49	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Ogre's Cleaver	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +5/+0.
Equip {5}"			Rise of the Eldrazi	220	uncommon	Adi Granov		
Warmonger's Chariot	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
As long as equipped creature has defender, it can attack as though it didn't have defender.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Rise of the Eldrazi	226	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Abuna Acolyte	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target artifact creature this turn."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	1	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Auriok Edgewright	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Metalcraft ? Auriok Edgewright has double strike as long as you control three or more artifacts.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	3	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Myrsmith	1W	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	16	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Riddlesmith	1U	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	40	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Painsmith	1B	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may have target creature get +2/+0 and gain deathtouch until end of turn."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	74	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Embersmith	1R	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, Embersmith deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	87	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Contagion Clasp	2	2	Artifact	"When Contagion Clasp enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
{4}, {T}: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"			Scars of Mirrodin	144	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Culling Dais	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Put a charge counter on Culling Dais.
{1}, Sacrifice Culling Dais: Draw a card for each charge counter on Culling Dais."			Scars of Mirrodin	148	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Golem's Heart	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts an artifact spell, you may gain 1 life."			Scars of Mirrodin	161	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Liquimetal Coating	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Target permanent becomes an artifact in addition to its other types until end of turn.			Scars of Mirrodin	171	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Necropede	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
When Necropede dies, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."			Scars of Mirrodin	185	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Throne of Geth	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"			Scars of Mirrodin	211	uncommon	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Trigon of Mending	2	2	Artifact	"Trigon of Mending enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{W}{W}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Trigon of Mending.
{2}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Trigon of Mending: Target player gains 3 life."		W	Scars of Mirrodin	215	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Trigon of Rage	2	2	Artifact	"Trigon of Rage enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{R}{R}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Trigon of Rage.
{2}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Trigon of Rage: Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn."		R	Scars of Mirrodin	216	uncommon	Marc Simonetti		
Accorder Paladin	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	1	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Leonin Relic-Warder	WW	2	Creature ? Cat Cleric	"When Leonin Relic-Warder enters the battlefield, you may exile target artifact or enchantment.
When Leonin Relic-Warder leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	10	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Goblin Wardriver	RR	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	64	uncommon	Chippy		
Mortarpod	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +0/+1 and has ""Sacrifice this creature: This creature deals 1 damage to any target.""
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin Besieged	115	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Plague Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{T}: Add {C}."			Mirrodin Besieged	125	uncommon	Efrem Palacios		
Silverskin Armor	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and is an artifact in addition to its other types.
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin Besieged	132	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Viridian Claw	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has first strike.
Equip {1}"			Mirrodin Besieged	143	uncommon	Marc Simonetti		
Cathedral Membrane	1W/P	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"({W/P} can be paid with either {W} or 2 life.)
Defender
When Cathedral Membrane dies during combat, it deals 6 damage to each creature it blocked this combat."	W	W	New Phyrexia	5	uncommon	Richard Whitters		
Inquisitor Exarch	WW	2	Creature ? Cleric	"When Inquisitor Exarch enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? You gain 2 life.
? Target opponent loses 2 life."	W	W	New Phyrexia	12	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Shrine of Loyal Legions	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever you cast a white spell, put a charge counter on Shrine of Loyal Legions.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Shrine of Loyal Legions: Create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token for each charge counter on Shrine of Loyal Legions."			New Phyrexia	155	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Shrine of Piercing Vision	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever you cast a blue spell, put a charge counter on Shrine of Piercing Vision.
{T}, Sacrifice Shrine of Piercing Vision: Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of charge counters on Shrine of Piercing Vision. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."			New Phyrexia	156	uncommon	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Intangible Virtue	1W	2	Enchantment	Creature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance.	W	W	Innistrad	19	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Spectral Rider	WW	2	Creature ? Spirit Knight	Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)	W	W	Innistrad	35	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Invisible Stalker	1U	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Invisible Stalker can't be blocked."	U	U	Innistrad	60	uncommon	Bud Cook		
Disciple of Griselbrand	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."	B	B	Innistrad	98	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Boneyard Wurm	1G	2	Creature ? Wurm	Boneyard Wurm's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	G	G	Innistrad	171	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Full Moon's Rise	1G	2	Enchantment	"Werewolf creatures you control get +1/+0 and have trample.
Sacrifice Full Moon's Rise: Regenerate all Werewolf creatures you control."	G	G	Innistrad	180	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Cellar Door	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player puts the bottom card of their library into their graveyard. If it's a creature card, you create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."			Innistrad	218	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Graveyard Shovel	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard. If it's a creature card, you gain 2 life."			Innistrad	225	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Inquisitor's Flail	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"If equipped creature would deal combat damage, it deals double that damage instead.
If another creature would deal combat damage to equipped creature, it deals double that damage to equipped creature instead.
Equip {2}"			Innistrad	227	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Mask of Avacyn	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+2 and has hexproof. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Equip {3}"			Innistrad	229	uncommon	James Paick		
Sharpened Pitchfork	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike.
As long as equipped creature is a Human, it gets +1/+1.
Equip {1}"			Innistrad	232	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Niblis of the Urn	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Niblis of the Urn attacks, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Dark Ascension	16	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Thraben Heretic	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard.	W	W	Dark Ascension	26	uncommon	James Ryman		
Skirsdag Flayer	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{3}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a Human: Destroy target creature."	B	B	Dark Ascension	74	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Nearheath Pilgrim	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Nearheath Pilgrim is paired with another creature, both creatures have lifelink."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	31	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Ghostly Touch	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Whenever this creature attacks, you may tap or untap target permanent."""	U	U	Avacyn Restored	58	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Falkenrath Exterminator	1R	2	Creature ? Vampire Archer	"Whenever Falkenrath Exterminator deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
{2}{R}: Falkenrath Exterminator deals damage to target creature equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on Falkenrath Exterminator."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	134	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Lightning Mauler	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Lightning Mauler is paired with another creature, both creatures have haste."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	144	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Bower Passage	1G	2	Enchantment	Creatures with flying can't block creatures you control.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	170	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Haunted Guardian	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Defender, first strike"			Avacyn Restored	216	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Tormentor's Trident	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and attacks each combat if able.
Equip {3}"			Avacyn Restored	222	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Soul Tithe	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant nonland permanent
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted permanent's controller, that player sacrifices it unless they pay {X}, where X is its converted mana cost."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	23	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Tavern Swindler	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{T}, Pay 3 life: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, you gain 6 life."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	79	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Brushstrider	1G	2	Creature ? Beast	Vigilance	G	G	Return to Ravnica	117	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Korozda Guildmage	BG	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{1}{B}{G}: Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains intimidate until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
{2}{B}{G}, Sacrifice a nontoken creature: Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's toughness."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	176	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
New Prahv Guildmage	WU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}{U}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
{3}{W}{U}: Detain target nonland permanent an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that permanent can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	181	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Nivix Guildmage	UR	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{U}{R}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
{2}{U}{R}: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	182	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Rix Maadi Guildmage	BR	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{B}{R}: Target blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
{B}{R}: Target player who lost life this turn loses 1 life."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	192	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Vitu-Ghazi Guildmage	GW	2	Creature ? Dryad Shaman	"{4}{G}{W}: Create a 3/3 green Centaur creature token.
{2}{G}{W}: Populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	207	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Agoraphobia	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -5/-0.
{2}{U}: Return Agoraphobia to its owner's hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	30	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Incursion Specialist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, Incursion Specialist gets +2/+0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Gatecrash	38	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Dying Wish	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
When enchanted creature dies, target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is its power."	B	B	Gatecrash	64	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Crackling Perimeter	1R	2	Enchantment	Tap an untapped Gate you control: Crackling Perimeter deals 1 damage to each opponent.	R	R	Gatecrash	88	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Firefist Striker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Firefist Striker and at least two other creatures attack, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	90	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Alpha Authority	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has hexproof and can't be blocked by more than one creature."	G	G	Gatecrash	114	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Cartel Aristocrat	WB	2	Creature ? Human Advisor	Sacrifice another creature: Cartel Aristocrat gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Gatecrash	150	uncommon	James Ryman		
Duskmantle Guildmage	UB	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{U}{B}: Whenever a card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere this turn, that player loses 1 life.
{2}{U}{B}: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Gatecrash	158	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Nimbus Swimmer	XGU	2	Creature ? Leviathan	"Flying
Nimbus Swimmer enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Gatecrash	181	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Skarrg Guildmage	RG	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{R}{G}: Creatures you control gain trample until end of turn.
{1}{R}{G}: Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature until end of turn. It's still a land."	R	R	Gatecrash	196	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Sunhome Guildmage	RW	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{R}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
{2}{R}{W}: Create a 1/1 red and white Soldier creature token with haste."	W	W	Gatecrash	200	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Truefire Paladin	RW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance
{R}{W}: Truefire Paladin gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
{R}{W}: Truefire Paladin gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	202	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Vizkopa Guildmage	WB	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{W}{B}: Target creature gains lifelink until end of turn.
{1}{W}{B}: Whenever you gain life this turn, each opponent loses that much life."	W	W	Gatecrash	206	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Zameck Guildmage	GU	2	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"{G}{U}: This turn, each creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
{G}{U}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Draw a card."	U	U	Gatecrash	209	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Woodlot Crawler	UB	2	Creature ? Insect	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
Protection from green"	U	U	Dragon's Maze	118	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Ordeal of Heliod	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Heliod.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Heliod, you gain 10 life."	W	W	Theros	25	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Phalanx Leader	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Phalanx Leader, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Theros	26	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Ordeal of Thassa	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Thassa.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Thassa, draw two cards."	U	U	Theros	58	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Ordeal of Erebos	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Erebos.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Erebos, target player discards two cards."	B	B	Theros	99	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Ordeal of Purphoros	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Purphoros.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Purphoros, it deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Theros	131	uncommon	Maciej Kuciara		
Ordeal of Nylea	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Nylea.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Nylea, search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Theros	170	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Akroan Hoplite	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Akroan Hoplite attacks, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of attacking creatures you control."	W	W	Theros	185	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Battlewise Hoplite	WU	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Battlewise Hoplite, put a +1/+1 counter on Battlewise Hoplite, then scry 1. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	W	W	Theros	189	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Shipwreck Singer	UB	2	Creature ? Siren	"Flying
{1}{U}: Target creature an opponent controls attacks this turn if able.
{1}{B}, {T}: Attacking creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn."	U	U	Theros	203	uncommon	Daarken		
Prowler's Helm	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature can't be blocked except by Walls.
Equip {2}"			Theros	219	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
God-Favored General	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Inspired ? Whenever God-Favored General becomes untapped, you may pay {2}{W}. If you do, create two 1/1 white Soldier enchantment creature tokens."	W	W	Born of the Gods	14	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Vanguard of Brimaz	WW	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Vigilance
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Vanguard of Brimaz, create a 1/1 white Cat Soldier creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Born of the Gods	29	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Flitterstep Eidolon	1U	2	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {5}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Flitterstep Eidolon can't be blocked.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and can't be blocked."	U	U	Born of the Gods	40	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Meletis Astronomer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Meletis Astronomer, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Born of the Gods	43	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Spiteful Returned	1B	2	Enchantment Creature ? Zombie	"Bestow {3}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Whenever Spiteful Returned or enchanted creature attacks, defending player loses 2 life.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1."	B	B	Born of the Gods	84	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Everflame Eidolon	1R	2	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {2}{R} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
{R}: Everflame Eidolon gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If it's an Aura, enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn instead.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1."	R	R	Born of the Gods	92	uncommon	Daarken		
Thunderous Might	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is your devotion to red. (Each {R} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)"	R	R	Born of the Gods	114	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Kiora's Follower	GU	2	Creature ? Merfolk	{T}: Untap another target permanent.	U	U	Born of the Gods	150	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Siren Song Lyre	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{2}, {T}: Tap target creature.""
Equip {2}"			Born of the Gods	161	uncommon	James Paick		
Sightless Brawler	1W	2	Enchantment Creature ? Human Warrior	"Bestow {4}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Sightless Brawler can't attack alone.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+2 and can't attack alone."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	24	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Brain Maggot	1B	2	Enchantment Creature ? Insect	"When Brain Maggot enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand and you choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card until Brain Maggot leaves the battlefield."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	62	uncommon	Min Yum		
Bassara Tower Archer	GG	2	Creature ? Human Archer	"Hexproof, reach"	G	G	Journey into Nyx	117	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Strength from the Fallen	1G	2	Enchantment	"Constellation ? Whenever Strength from the Fallen or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	143	uncommon	Min Yum		
Disciple of Deceit	UB	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Inspired ? Whenever Disciple of Deceit becomes untapped, you may discard a nonland card. If you do, search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as that card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	148	uncommon	Daarken		
Underworld Coinsmith	WB	2	Enchantment Creature ? Human Cleric	"Constellation ? Whenever Underworld Coinsmith or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.
{W}{B}, Pay 1 life: Each opponent loses 1 life."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	157	uncommon	Mark Winters		
Armory of Iroas	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Equip {2}"			Journey into Nyx	158	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Deserter's Quarters	2	2	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Deserter's Quarters during your untap step.
{6}, {T}: Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Deserter's Quarters remains tapped."			Journey into Nyx	160	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Leonin Den-Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"As long as Leonin Den-Guard is equipped, it gets +1/+1 and has vigilance."	W	W	Mirrodin	9	common	Todd Lockwood		
Inertia Bubble	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Mirrodin	37	common	Hugh Jamieson		
Lumengrid Warden	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard		U	U	Mirrodin	41	common	Matt Thompson		
Neurok Familiar	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Neurok Familiar enters the battlefield, reveal the top card of your library. If it's an artifact card, put it into your hand. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard."	U	U	Mirrodin	43	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Consume Spirit	X1B	2	Sorcery	"Spend only black mana on X.
Consume Spirit deals X damage to any target and you gain X life."	B	B	Mirrodin	60	common	Matt Thompson		
Contaminated Bond	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Whenever enchanted creature attacks or blocks, its controller loses 3 life."	B	B	Mirrodin	61	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Goblin Striker	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"First strike, haste"	R	R	Mirrodin	94	common	Kevin Dobler		
Tel-Jilad Chosen	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Protection from artifacts	G	G	Mirrodin	132	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Alpha Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr				Mirrodin	142	common	Dany Orizio		
Galvanic Key	2	2	Artifact	"Flash
{3}, {T}: Untap target artifact."			Mirrodin	173	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Omega Myr	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Myr				Mirrodin	223	common	Dany Orizio		
Vorrac Battlehorns	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has trample and can't be blocked by more than one creature.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	271	common	David Martin		
Vulshok Gauntlets	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/+2 and doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	273	common	Richard Sardinha		
Pteron Ghost	1W	2	Creature ? Dinosaur Spirit	"Flying
Sacrifice Pteron Ghost: Regenerate target artifact."	W	W	Darksteel	10	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Vedalken Engineer	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	{T}: Add two mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts.	U	U	Darksteel	35	common	Lars Grant-West		
Hunger of the Nim	1B	2	Sorcery	Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each artifact you control.	B	B	Darksteel	46	common	Puddnhead		
Drooling Ogre	1R	2	Creature ? Ogre	"Whenever a player casts an artifact spell, that player gains control of Drooling Ogre. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	R	R	Darksteel	58	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Echoing Ruin	1R	2	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact and all other artifacts with the same name as that artifact.	R	R	Darksteel	59	common	Greg Staples		
Arcbound Stinger	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Modular 1 (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	103	common	Darrell Riche		
Darksteel Pendant	2	2	Artifact	"Indestructible (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this artifact.)
{1}, {T}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"			Darksteel	113	common	Terese Nielsen		
Vulshok Morningstar	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Darksteel	157	common	David Martin		
Leonin Squire	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"When Leonin Squire enters the battlefield, return target artifact card with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	9	common	Pete Venters		
Stasis Cocoon	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	18	common	Kev Walker		
Thought Courier	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	38	common	Stephen Tappin		
Blind Creeper	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"Whenever a player casts a spell, Blind Creeper gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	42	common	Carl Critchlow		
Sylvok Explorer	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.	G	G	Fifth Dawn	93	common	Wayne England		
Tangle Asp	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Tangle Asp blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	94	common	Daren Bader		
Healer's Headdress	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+2 and has ""{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.""
{W}{W}: Attach Healer's Headdress to target creature you control.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"		W	Fifth Dawn	129	common	Carl Critchlow		
Horned Helm	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.
{G}{G}: Attach Horned Helm to target creature you control.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"		G	Fifth Dawn	132	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Neurok Stealthsuit	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
{U}{U}: Attach Neurok Stealthsuit to target creature you control.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"		U	Fifth Dawn	140	common	Francis Tsai		
Sparring Collar	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike.
{R}{R}: Attach Sparring Collar to target creature you control.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"		R	Fifth Dawn	154	common	Christopher Moeller		
Indomitable Will	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	17	common	Christopher Rush		
Kami of Ancient Law	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	Sacrifice Kami of Ancient Law: Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	21	common	Mark Tedin		
Silent-Chant Zubera	1W	2	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Silent-Chant Zubera dies, you gain 2 life for each Zubera that died this turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	45	common	Ben Thompson		
Consuming Vortex	1U	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Splice onto Arcane {3}{U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	54	common	Pete Venters		
Floating-Dream Zubera	1U	2	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Floating-Dream Zubera dies, draw a card for each Zubera that died this turn."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	61	common	Shishizaru		
Peer Through Depths	1U	2	Instant ? Arcane	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal an instant or sorcery card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	78	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Psychic Puppetry	1U	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You may tap or untap target permanent.
Splice onto Arcane {U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	80	common	Joel Thomas		
Soratami Cloudskater	1U	2	Creature ? Moonfolk Rogue	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	86	common	Michael Sutfin		
Distress	BB	2	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	111	common	Michael Sutfin		
Midnight Covenant	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{B}: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."""	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	125	common	Pete Venters		
Nezumi Cutthroat	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Warrior	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Nezumi Cutthroat can't block."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	128	common	Carl Critchlow		
Ragged Veins	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature is dealt damage, its controller loses that much life."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	139	common	Chippy		
Soulless Revival	1B	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{B} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	144	common	Ron Spencer		
Wicked Akuba	BB	2	Creature ? Spirit	{B}: Target player dealt damage by Wicked Akuba this turn loses 1 life.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	150	common	Ittoku		
Akki Rockspeaker	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Akki Rockspeaker enters the battlefield, add {R}."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	154	common	David Martin		
Battle-Mad Ronin	1R	2	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)
Battle-Mad Ronin attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	156	common	Wayne England		
Crushing Pain	1R	2	Instant ? Arcane	Crushing Pain deals 6 damage to target creature that was dealt damage this turn.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	162	common	Carl Critchlow		
Glacial Ray	1R	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Glacial Ray deals 2 damage to any target.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{R} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	168	common	Jim Murray		
Hearth Kami	1R	2	Creature ? Spirit	"{X}, Sacrifice Hearth Kami: Destroy target artifact with converted mana cost X."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	171	common	Luca Zontini		
Dripping-Tongue Zubera	1G	2	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Dripping-Tongue Zubera dies, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token for each Zubera that died this turn."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	206	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Humble Budoka	1G	2	Creature ? Human Monk	Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	214	common	Christopher Moeller		
Orochi Ranger	1G	2	Creature ? Snake Warrior	"Whenever Orochi Ranger deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	235	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Orochi Sustainer	1G	2	Creature ? Snake Shaman	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	236	common	rk post		
Wear Away	GG	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Splice onto Arcane {3}{G} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	250	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Split-Tail Miko	1W	2	Creature ? Fox Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	23	common	Kev Walker		
Floodbringer	1U	2	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Tap target land."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	34	common	Ittoku		
Veil of Secrecy	1U	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gains shroud until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn. (A creature with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Splice onto Arcane?Return a blue creature you control to its owner's hand. (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	59	common	Arnie Swekel		
Skullsnatcher	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Ninja	"Ninjutsu {B} ({B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Skullsnatcher deals combat damage to a player, exile up to two target cards from that player's graveyard."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	84	common	Matt Cavotta		
Akki Blizzard-Herder	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Akki Blizzard-Herder dies, each player sacrifices a land."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	91	common	Pete Venters		
First Volley	1R	2	Instant ? Arcane	First Volley deals 1 damage to target creature and 1 damage to that creature's controller.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	100	common	Glen Angus		
Matsu-Tribe Sniper	1G	2	Creature ? Snake Warrior Archer	"{T}: Matsu-Tribe Sniper deals 1 damage to target creature with flying.
Whenever Matsu-Tribe Sniper deals damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	136	common	Carl Critchlow		
Petalmane Baku	1G	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a ki counter on Petalmane Baku.
{1}, Remove X ki counters from Petalmane Baku: Add X mana of any one color."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	139	common	Rebecca Guay		
Vital Surge	1G	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You gain 3 life.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{G} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	150	common	Douglas Shuler		
Araba Mothrider	1W	2	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Flying
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	2	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Kitsune Loreweaver	1W	2	Creature ? Fox Cleric	"{1}{W}: Kitsune Loreweaver gets +0/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	17	common	Eric Polak		
Plow Through Reito	1W	2	Instant ? Arcane	Sweep ? Return any number of Plains you control to their owner's hand. Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Plains returned this way.	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	22	common	Ron Spencer		
Minamo Scrollkeeper	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Defender
Your maximum hand size is increased by one."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	45	common	Paolo Parente		
Oboro Breezecaller	1U	2	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Untap target land."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	48	common	Rebecca Guay		
Death Denied	XBB	2	Instant ? Arcane	Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	63	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Deathknell Kami	1B	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{2}: Deathknell Kami gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Soulshift 1 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	65	common	Puddnhead		
Kuro's Taken	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{1}{B}: Regenerate Kuro's Taken."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	79	common	Puddnhead		
Shinen of Life's Roar	1G	2	Creature ? Spirit	"All creatures able to block Shinen of Life's Roar do so.
Channel ? {2}{G}{G}, Discard Shinen of Life's Roar: All creatures able to block target creature this turn do so."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	149	common	Matt Cavotta		
Veteran Armorer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Other creatures you control get +0/+1.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	34	common	Ralph Horsley		
Drake Familiar	1U	2	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Drake Familiar enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an enchantment to its owner's hand."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	44	common	Darrell Riche		
Surveilling Sprite	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
When Surveilling Sprite dies, you may draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	67	common	Terese Nielsen		
Clinging Darkness	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -4/-1."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	80	common	Glen Angus		
Roofstalker Wight	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	{1}{U}: Roofstalker Wight gains flying until end of turn.	B	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	102	common	Puddnhead		
Rain of Embers	1R	2	Sorcery	Rain of Embers deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	138	common	Tsutomu Kawade		
Sell-Sword Brute	1R	2	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"When Sell-Sword Brute dies, it deals 2 damage to you."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	142	common	Jeff Miracola		
Sparkmage Apprentice	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Sparkmage Apprentice enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	144	common	Mark Poole		
Viashino Slasher	1R	2	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	{R}: Viashino Slasher gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	149	common	Glenn Fabry		
Fists of Ironwood	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Fists of Ironwood enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.
Enchanted creature has trample."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	164	common	Glen Angus		
Transluminant	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad Shaman	"{W}, Sacrifice Transluminant: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying at the beginning of the next end step."	G	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	186	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Dimir Infiltrator	UB	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Dimir Infiltrator can't be blocked.
Transmute {1}{U}{B} ({1}{U}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	203	common	Jim Nelson		
Selesnya Evangel	GW	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{1}, {T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	228	common	Rob Alexander		
Thundersong Trumpeter	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Target creature can't attack or block this turn.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	235	common	Michael Sutfin		
Lurking Informant	1U/B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"({U/B} can be paid with either {U} or {B}.)
{2}, {T}: Look at the top card of target player's library. You may put that card into that player's graveyard."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	249	common	Ron Spears		
Boros Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {R}{W}."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	255	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Golgari Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {B}{G}."		G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	262	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Selesnya Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {G}{W}."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	270	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Ghost Warden	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Guildpact	5	common	Ittoku		
Train of Thought	1U	2	Sorcery	"Replicate {1}{U} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	39	common	Matt Thompson		
Tin Street Hooligan	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"When Tin Street Hooligan enters the battlefield, if {G} was spent to cast Tin Street Hooligan, destroy target artifact."	R	R	Guildpact	78	common	Luca Zontini		
Scab-Clan Mauler	RG	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Bloodthirst 2 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Trample"	R	R	Guildpact	128	common	Liam Sharp		
Mourning Thrull	1W/B	2	Creature ? Thrull	"({W/B} can be paid with either {W} or {B}.)
Flying
Whenever Mourning Thrull deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Guildpact	146	common	Dany Orizio		
Gruul Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {R}{G}."		R	Guildpact	150	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Orzhov Signet	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Add {W}{B}."		W	Guildpact	155	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Beacon Hawk	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Beacon Hawk deals combat damage to a player, you may untap target creature.
{W}: Beacon Hawk gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Dissension	3	common	William Simpson		
Utvara Scalper	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Scout	"Flying
Utvara Scalper attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Dissension	76	common	Christopher Rush		
Aquastrand Spider	1G	2	Creature ? Spider Mutant	"Graft 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{G}: Target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Dissension	80	common	Dany Orizio		
Coiling Oracle	GU	2	Creature ? Snake Elf Druid	"When Coiling Oracle enters the battlefield, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put that card into your hand."	U	U	Dissension	107	common	Mark Zug		
Gobhobbler Rats	BR	2	Creature ? Rat	"Hellbent ? As long as you have no cards in hand, Gobhobbler Rats gets +1/+0 and has ""{B}: Regenerate Gobhobbler Rats."""	R	R	Dissension	111	common	Michael Sutfin		
Kjeldoran Outrider	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	{W}: Kjeldoran Outrider gets +0/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Coldsnap	12	common	Carl Critchlow		
Ronom Unicorn	1W	2	Creature ? Unicorn	Sacrifice Ronom Unicorn: Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Coldsnap	16	common	Carl Critchlow		
Squall Drifter	1W	2	Snow Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Coldsnap	17	common	Joel Thomas		
Krovikan Mist	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Krovikan Mist's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Illusions on the battlefield."	U	U	Coldsnap	38	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Rimewind Taskmage	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}, {T}: You may tap or untap target permanent. Activate this ability only if you control four or more snow permanents."	U	U	Coldsnap	44	common	Ron Spears		
Krovikan Scoundrel	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue		B	B	Coldsnap	64	common	Ralph Horsley		
Surging Dementia	1B	2	Sorcery	"Ripple 4 (When you cast this spell, you may reveal the top four cards of your library. You may cast any revealed cards with the same name as this spell without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
Target player discards a card."	B	B	Coldsnap	72	common	Hideaki Takamura		
Goblin Furrier	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Prevent all damage that Goblin Furrier would deal to snow creatures.	R	R	Coldsnap	82	common	Warren Mahy		
Boreal Centaur	1G	2	Snow Creature ? Centaur Warrior	{S}: Boreal Centaur gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)	G	G	Coldsnap	104	common	Marcelo Vignali		
Bull Aurochs	1G	2	Creature ? Aurochs	"Trample
Whenever Bull Aurochs attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Aurochs."	G	G	Coldsnap	107	common	Kev Walker		
Into the North	1G	2	Sorcery	Search your library for a snow land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Coldsnap	111	common	Richard Sardinha		
Amrou Scout	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Rebel Scout	"{4}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Time Spiral	1	common	Quinton Hoover		
Benalish Cavalry	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	4	common	Paolo Parente		
Errant Doomsayers	1W	2	Creature ? Human Rebel	{T}: Tap target creature with toughness 2 or less.	W	W	Time Spiral	15	common	Liz Danforth		
Temporal Isolation	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has shadow. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt by enchanted creature."	W	W	Time Spiral	43	common	Stephen Tappin		
Coral Trickster	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Coral Trickster is turned face up, you may tap or untap target permanent."	U	U	Time Spiral	54	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Dream Stalker	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"When Dream Stalker enters the battlefield, return a permanent you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Time Spiral	58	common	Brian Despain		
Fathom Seer	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Morph?Return two Islands you control to their owner's hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Fathom Seer is turned face up, draw two cards."	U	U	Time Spiral	62	common	Ralph Horsley		
Looter il-Kor	1U	2	Creature ? Kor Rogue	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Looter il-Kor deals damage to an opponent, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Time Spiral	66	common	Mike Dringenberg		
Deathspore Thallid	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Deathspore Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Deathspore Thallid: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Time Spiral	102	common	Randy Elliott		
Feebleness	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-1."	B	B	Time Spiral	110	common	Kev Walker		
Pit Keeper	1B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Pit Keeper enters the battlefield, if you have four or more creature cards in your graveyard, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Time Spiral	123	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Sangrophage	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, tap Sangrophage unless you pay 2 life."	B	B	Time Spiral	127	common	Pete Venters		
Aetherflame Wall	1R	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
Aetherflame Wall can block creatures with shadow as though they didn't have shadow.
{R}: Aetherflame Wall gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	142	common	Justin Sweet		
Ghitu Firebreathing	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{R}: Return Ghitu Firebreathing to its owner's hand."	R	R	Time Spiral	158	common	Jim Nelson		
Two-Headed Sliver	1R	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have menace. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Time Spiral	183	common	Dany Orizio		
Aether Web	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1, has reach, and can block creatures with shadow as though they didn't have shadow. (Creatures with reach can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	189	common	Justin Sweet		
Ashcoat Bear	1G	2	Creature ? Bear	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)	G	G	Time Spiral	190	common	Carl Critchlow		
Gemhide Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Time Spiral	196	common	John Matson		
Spinneret Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have reach. (They can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Time Spiral	219	common	Michael Sutfin		
Thallid Shell-Dweller	1G	2	Creature ? Fungus	"Defender
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Thallid Shell-Dweller.
Remove three spore counters from Thallid Shell-Dweller: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Time Spiral	226	common	Carl Critchlow		
Jhoira's Timebug	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"{T}: Choose target permanent you control or suspended card you own. If that permanent or card has a time counter on it, you may remove a time counter from it or put another time counter on it."			Time Spiral	257	common	Dan Frazier		
Prismatic Lens	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Time Spiral	262	common	Alan Pollack		
Whitemane Lion	1W	2	Creature ? Cat	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Whitemane Lion enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Planar Chaos	22	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Revered Dead	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit Soldier	{W}: Regenerate Revered Dead.	W	W	Planar Chaos	29	common	Ron Spears		
Dreamscape Artist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{U}, {T}, Discard a card, Sacrifice a land: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Planar Chaos	40	common	Jim Murray		
Gossamer Phantasm	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Gossamer Phantasm becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Planar Chaos	55	common	Jon Foster		
Blightspeaker	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rebel Cleric	"{T}: Target player loses 1 life.
{4}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Planar Chaos	64	common	Ron Spears		
Rathi Trapper	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rebel Rogue	"{B}, {T}: Tap target creature."	B	B	Planar Chaos	90	common	Pete Venters		
Stingscourger	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Echo {3}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Stingscourger enters the battlefield, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand."	R	R	Planar Chaos	107	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Mire Boa	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{G}: Regenerate Mire Boa."	G	G	Planar Chaos	135	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Utopia Vow	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Planar Chaos	142	common	Heather Hudson		
Vitaspore Thallid	1G	2	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Vitaspore Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Vitaspore Thallid: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Target creature gains haste until end of turn."	G	G	Planar Chaos	143	common	Christopher Moeller		
Fa'adiyah Seer	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{T}: Draw a card and reveal it. If it isn't a land card, discard it."	G	G	Planar Chaos	146	common	Heather Hudson		
Seal of Primordium	1G	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice Seal of Primordium: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Planar Chaos	153	common	Christopher Moeller		
Augur il-Vec	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Sacrifice Augur il-Vec: You gain 4 life. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	W	W	Future Sight	2	common	Daren Bader		
Augur of Skulls	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton Wizard	"{1}{B}: Regenerate Augur of Skulls.
Sacrifice Augur of Skulls: Target player discards two cards. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Future Sight	63	common	Chippy		
Grave Peril	1B	2	Enchantment	"When a nonblack creature enters the battlefield, sacrifice Grave Peril. If you do, destroy that creature."	B	B	Future Sight	67	common	Daarken		
Oblivion Crown	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Discard a card: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."""	B	B	Future Sight	73	common	Kev Walker		
Bogardan Lancer	1R	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Future Sight	95	common	Jim Murray		
Emberwilde Augur	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	Sacrifice Emberwilde Augur: It deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.	R	R	Future Sight	97	common	Brandon Kitkouski		
Quiet Disrepair	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or enchantment
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one ?
? Destroy enchanted permanent.
? You gain 2 life."	G	G	Future Sight	134	common	Glen Angus		
Cenn's Heir	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Whenever Cenn's Heir attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each other attacking Kithkin."	W	W	Lorwyn	8	common	Steven Belledin		
Judge of Currents	1W	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever a Merfolk you control becomes tapped, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Lorwyn	22	common	Dan Scott		
Kithkin Greatheart	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"As long as you control a Giant, Kithkin Greatheart gets +1/+1 and has first strike."	W	W	Lorwyn	25	common	Greg Staples		
Surge of Thoughtweft	1W	2	Tribal Instant ? Kithkin	"Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If you control a Kithkin, draw a card."	W	W	Lorwyn	43	common	Randy Gallegos		
Triclopean Sight	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
When Triclopean Sight enters the battlefield, untap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance."	W	W	Lorwyn	45	common	Scott Hampton		
Amoeboid Changeling	1U	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{T}: Target creature gains all creature types until end of turn.
{T}: Target creature loses all creature types until end of turn."	U	U	Lorwyn	51	common	Nils Hamm		
Deeptread Merrow	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	{U}: Deeptread Merrow gains islandwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Lorwyn	57	common	Terese Nielsen & Philip Tan		
Ringskipper	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
When Ringskipper dies, clash with an opponent. If you win, return Ringskipper to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	81	common	Heather Hudson		
Silvergill Douser	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{T}: Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is the number of Merfolk and/or Faeries you control."	U	U	Lorwyn	87	common	Daren Bader		
Stonybrook Angler	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{1}{U}, {T}: You may tap or untap target creature."	U	U	Lorwyn	90	common	Larry MacDougall		
Wings of Velis Vel	1U	2	Tribal Instant ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Until end of turn, target creature has base power and toughness 4/4, gains all creature types, and gains flying."	U	U	Lorwyn	97	common	Jim Pavelec		
Zephyr Net	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has defender and flying."	U	U	Lorwyn	98	common	Heather Hudson		
Exiled Boggart	1B	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"When Exiled Boggart dies, discard a card."	B	B	Lorwyn	109	common	Pete Venters		
Nameless Inversion	1B	2	Tribal Instant ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Target creature gets +3/-3 and loses all creature types until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	128	common	Jeff Miracola		
Nath's Buffoon	1B	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	Protection from Elves	B	B	Lorwyn	129	common	Thomas Denmark		
Scarred Vinebreeder	1B	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{2}{B}, Exile an Elf card from your graveyard: Scarred Vinebreeder gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	138	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Skeletal Changeling	1B	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{1}{B}: Regenerate Skeletal Changeling."	B	B	Lorwyn	140	common	Alan Pollack		
Adder-Staff Boggart	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"When Adder-Staff Boggart enters the battlefield, clash with an opponent. If you win, put a +1/+1 counter on Adder-Staff Boggart. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	148	common	Jeff Miracola		
Blades of Velis Vel	1R	2	Tribal Instant ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Up to two target creatures each get +2/+0 and gain all creature types until end of turn."	R	R	Lorwyn	152	common	Ron Spencer		
Fire-Belly Changeling	1R	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{R}: Fire-Belly Changeling gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than twice each turn."	R	R	Lorwyn	164	common	Randy Gallegos		
Hurly-Burly	1R	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Hurly-Burly deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.
? Hurly-Burly deals 1 damage to each creature with flying."	R	R	Lorwyn	177	common	Steve Prescott		
Smokebraider	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	{T}: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast Elemental spells or activate abilities of Elementals.	R	R	Lorwyn	189	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Soulbright Flamekin	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"{2}: Target creature gains trample until end of turn. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, you may add {R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}."	R	R	Lorwyn	190	common	Kev Walker		
Kithkin Daggerdare	1G	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"{G}, {T}: Target attacking creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Lorwyn	223	common	Christopher Moeller		
Lignify	1G	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Treefolk Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature is a Treefolk with base power and toughness 0/4 and loses all abilities."	G	G	Lorwyn	228	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Warren-Scourge Elf	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Protection from Goblins	G	G	Lorwyn	241	common	Christopher Moeller		
Woodland Changeling	1G	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)	G	G	Lorwyn	242	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Ballyrush Banneret	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	Kithkin spells and Soldier spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	W	W	Morningtide	1	common	Ralph Horsley		
Shinewend	1W	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Shinewend enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
{1}{W}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Shinewend: Destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Morningtide	23	common	Terese Nielsen		
Weight of Conscience	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack.
Tap two untapped creatures you control that share a creature type: Exile enchanted creature."	W	W	Morningtide	28	common	Heather Hudson		
Ink Dissolver	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Ink Dissolver, you may reveal it. If you do, each opponent puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Morningtide	36	common	Brandon Dorman		
Stonybrook Banneret	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Merfolk spells and Wizard spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	U	U	Morningtide	51	common	Ralph Horsley		
Blightsoil Druid	1B	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {G}."	B	G	Morningtide	59	common	Nils Hamm		
Festercreep	1B	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Festercreep enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
{1}{B}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Festercreep: All other creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Morningtide	62	common	Jeff Easley		
Frogtosser Banneret	1B	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Haste
Goblin spells and Rogue spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	B	B	Morningtide	64	common	Ralph Horsley		
Brighthearth Banneret	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Elemental spells and Warrior spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Reinforce 1?{1}{R} ({1}{R}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)"	R	R	Morningtide	88	common	Ralph Horsley		
Sunflare Shaman	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"{1}{R}, {T}: Sunflare Shaman deals X damage to any target and X damage to itself, where X is the number of Elemental cards in your graveyard."	R	R	Morningtide	108	common	Dave Dorman		
Bosk Banneret	1G	2	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	Treefolk spells and Shaman spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	G	G	Morningtide	114	common	Ralph Horsley		
Kithkin Shielddare	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"{W}, {T}: Target blocking creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Shadowmoor	10	common	Christopher Moeller		
Mine Excavation	1W	2	Sorcery	"Return target artifact or enchantment card from a graveyard to its owner's hand.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	13	common	Chippy		
Briarberry Cohort	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Soldier	"Flying
Briarberry Cohort gets +1/+1 as long as you control another blue creature."	U	U	Shadowmoor	30	common	Carl Critchlow		
Disturbing Plot	1B	2	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from a graveyard to its owner's hand.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)"	B	B	Shadowmoor	64	common	Larry MacDougall		
Sickle Ripper	1B	2	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)	B	B	Shadowmoor	77	common	Dan Scott		
Mudbrawler Cohort	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Haste
Mudbrawler Cohort gets +1/+1 as long as you control another red creature."	R	R	Shadowmoor	100	common	Lucio Parrillo		
Power of Fire	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Shadowmoor	101	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Rustrazor Butcher	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"First strike
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	105	common	Ron Spencer		
Juvenile Gloomwidow	GG	2	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	G	G	Shadowmoor	121	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Toil to Renown	1G	2	Sorcery	"You gain 1 life for each tapped artifact, creature, and land you control."	G	G	Shadowmoor	130	common	Larry MacDougall		
Somnomancer	1W/U	2	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"When Somnomancer enters the battlefield, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Shadowmoor	149	common	Lars Grant-West		
Emberstrike Duo	1B/R	2	Creature ? Elemental Warrior Shaman	"Whenever you cast a black spell, Emberstrike Duo gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a red spell, Emberstrike Duo gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	185	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Fists of the Demigod	1B/R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is black, it gets +1/+1 and has wither. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
As long as enchanted creature is red, it gets +1/+1 and has first strike."	R	R	Shadowmoor	187	common	Dan Scott		
Medicine Runner	1G/W	2	Creature ? Elf Cleric	"When Medicine Runner enters the battlefield, you may remove a counter from target permanent."	W	W	Shadowmoor	230	common	Chippy		
Safehold Elite	1G/W	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	"Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	239	common	Richard Whitters		
Blight Sickle	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has wither. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Equip {2}"			Shadowmoor	247	common	John Avon		
Chainbreaker	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Chainbreaker enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it.
{3}, {T}: Remove a -1/-1 counter from target creature."			Shadowmoor	249	common	Jeff Miracola		
Elsewhere Flask	2	2	Artifact	"When Elsewhere Flask enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Sacrifice Elsewhere Flask: Choose a basic land type. Each land you control becomes that type until end of turn."			Shadowmoor	250	common	Carl Frank		
Pili-Pala	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Flying
{2}, {Q}: Add one mana of any color. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"			Shadowmoor	258	common	Ron Spencer		
Kithkin Zealot	1W	2	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	"When Kithkin Zealot enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each black and/or red permanent target opponent controls."	W	W	Eventide	9	common	Scott Altmann		
Talara's Bane	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a green or white creature card from it. You gain life equal to that creature card's toughness, then that player discards that card."	B	B	Eventide	47	common	Joshua Hagler		
Heartlash Cinder	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Haste
Chroma ? When Heartlash Cinder enters the battlefield, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of red mana symbols in the mana costs of permanents you control."	R	R	Eventide	56	common	Steve Prescott		
Nightsky Mimic	1W/B	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever you cast a spell that's both white and black, Nightsky Mimic has base power and toughness 4/4 until end of turn and gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Eventide	91	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Riverfall Mimic	1U/R	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever you cast a spell that's both blue and red, Riverfall Mimic has base power and toughness 3/3 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Eventide	111	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Woodlurker Mimic	1B/G	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever you cast a spell that's both black and green, Woodlurker Mimic has base power and toughness 4/5 until end of turn and gains wither until end of turn. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	G	G	Eventide	130	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Favor of the Overbeing	1G/U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As long as enchanted creature is green, it gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.
As long as enchanted creature is blue, it gets +1/+1 and has flying."	U	U	Eventide	151	common	Chippy		
Shorecrasher Mimic	1G/U	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever you cast a spell that's both green and blue, Shorecrasher Mimic has base power and toughness 5/3 until end of turn and gains trample until end of turn."	U	U	Eventide	159	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Fang Skulkin	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	{2}: Target black creature gains wither until end of turn. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)			Eventide	168	common	Ron Brown		
Knight of the Skyward Eye	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	{3}{G}: Knight of the Skyward Eye gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	W	W	Shards of Alara	15	common	Matt Stewart		
Courier's Capsule	1U	2	Artifact	"{1}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Courier's Capsule: Draw two cards."	U	U	Shards of Alara	37	common	Andrew Murray		
Etherium Sculptor	1U	2	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	Artifact spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	U	U	Shards of Alara	42	common	Steven Belledin		
Jhessian Lookout	1U	2	Creature ? Human Scout		U	U	Shards of Alara	46	common	Donato Giancola		
Banewasp Affliction	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, that creature's controller loses life equal to its toughness."	B	B	Shards of Alara	65	common	Dave Allsop		
Dregscape Zombie	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	Unearth {B} ({B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)	B	B	Shards of Alara	74	common	Lars Grant-West		
Glaze Fiend	1B	2	Artifact Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Glaze Fiend gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Shards of Alara	77	common	Joshua Hagler		
Bloodthorn Taunter	1R	2	Creature ? Human Scout	"Haste
{T}: Target creature with power 5 or greater gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Shards of Alara	94	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Cylian Elf	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout		G	G	Shards of Alara	127	common	Steve Prescott		
Druid of the Anima	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add {R}, {G}, or {W}."	G	W	Shards of Alara	128	common	Jim Murray		
Deft Duelist	WU	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"First strike
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Shards of Alara	165	common	David Palumbo		
Goblin Deathraiders	BR	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Trample	R	R	Shards of Alara	169	common	Raymond Swanland		
Rip-Clan Crasher	RG	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Haste	R	R	Shards of Alara	189	common	Justin Sweet		
Steward of Valeron	GW	2	Creature ? Human Druid Knight	"Vigilance
{T}: Add {G}."	W	W	Shards of Alara	198	common	Greg Staples		
Tidehollow Strix	UB	2	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	203	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Aven Squire	1W	2	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Conflux	3	common	David Palumbo		
Rotting Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Rat	"When Rotting Rats enters the battlefield, each player discards a card.
Unearth {1}{B} ({1}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Conflux	51	common	Dave Allsop		
Salvage Slasher	1B	2	Artifact Creature ? Human Rogue	Salvage Slasher gets +1/+0 for each artifact card in your graveyard.	B	B	Conflux	52	common	Anthony Francisco		
Yoke of the Damned	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When a creature dies, destroy enchanted creature."	B	B	Conflux	57	common	Paul Bonner		
Nacatl Savage	1G	2	Creature ? Cat Warrior	Protection from artifacts	G	G	Conflux	86	common	Paolo Parente		
Goblin Outlander	BR	2	Creature ? Goblin Scout	Protection from white	R	R	Conflux	109	common	Trevor Claxton		
Nacatl Outlander	RG	2	Creature ? Cat Scout	Protection from blue	R	R	Conflux	119	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Valeron Outlander	GW	2	Creature ? Human Scout	Protection from black	W	W	Conflux	130	common	Matt Stewart		
Vedalken Outlander	WU	2	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Scout	Protection from red	W	W	Conflux	132	common	Izzy		
Zombie Outlander	UB	2	Creature ? Zombie Scout	Protection from green	U	U	Conflux	133	common	Nils Hamm		
Armillary Sphere	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Armillary Sphere: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Conflux	134	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Kaleidostone	2	2	Artifact	"When Kaleidostone enters the battlefield, draw a card.
{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Kaleidostone: Add {W}{U}{B}{R}{G}."		W	Conflux	137	common	Chippy		
Ethercaste Knight	WU	2	Artifact Creature ? Human Knight	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	3	common	Steven Belledin		
Vedalken Ghoul	UB	2	Creature ? Vedalken Zombie	"Whenever Vedalken Ghoul becomes blocked, defending player loses 4 life."	U	U	Alara Reborn	32	common	Dave Kendall		
Grizzled Leotau	GW	2	Creature ? Cat		W	W	Alara Reborn	69	common	Lars Grant-West		
Magefire Wings	UR	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has flying."	U	U	Alara Reborn	88	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Putrid Leech	BG	2	Creature ? Zombie Leech	Pay 2 life: Putrid Leech gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Alara Reborn	95	common	Dave Allsop		
Cerodon Yearling	RW	2	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance, haste"	W	W	Alara Reborn	96	common	Christopher Moeller		
Esper Stormblade	W/BU	2	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"As long as you control another multicolored permanent, Esper Stormblade gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Alara Reborn	132	common	Matt Stewart		
Grixis Grimblade	U/RB	2	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"As long as you control another multicolored permanent, Grixis Grimblade gets +1/+1 and has deathtouch. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy that creature.)"	U	U	Alara Reborn	134	common	Trevor Claxton		
Naya Hushblade	R/WG	2	Creature ? Elf Rogue	"As long as you control another multicolored permanent, Naya Hushblade gets +1/+1 and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	141	common	Jason Chan		
Borborygmos Enraged	4RRGG	8	Legendary Creature ? Cyclops	"Trample
Whenever Borborygmos Enraged deals combat damage to a player, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all land cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Discard a land card: Borborygmos Enraged deals 3 damage to any target."	R	G	Gatecrash	147	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Chained to the Rocks	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Mountain you control
When Chained to the Rocks enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Chained to the Rocks leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Theros	4	rare	Aaron Miller		
Favored Hoplite	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Favored Hoplite, put a +1/+1 counter on Favored Hoplite and prevent all damage that would be dealt to it this turn."	W	W	Theros	13	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Soldier of the Pantheon	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Protection from multicolored
Whenever an opponent casts a multicolored spell, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Theros	32	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Tormented Hero	B	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Tormented Hero enters the battlefield tapped.
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Tormented Hero, each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Theros	108	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Firedrinker Satyr	R	1	Creature ? Satyr Shaman	"Whenever Firedrinker Satyr is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to you.
{1}{R}: Firedrinker Satyr gets +1/+0 until end of turn and deals 1 damage to you."	R	R	Theros	122	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Mistcutter Hydra	XG	1	Creature ? Hydra	"This spell can't be countered.
Haste, protection from blue
Mistcutter Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Theros	162	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Ashen Rider	4WWBB	8	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
When Ashen Rider enters the battlefield or dies, exile target permanent."	W	W	Theros	187	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Vortex Elemental	U	1	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}: Put Vortex Elemental and each creature blocking or blocked by it on top of their owners' libraries, then those players shuffle their libraries.
{3}{U}{U}: Target creature blocks Vortex Elemental this turn if able."	U	U	Born of the Gods	56	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Archetype of Endurance	6GG	8	Enchantment Creature ? Boar	"Creatures you control have hexproof.
Creatures your opponents control lose hexproof and can't have or gain hexproof."	G	G	Born of the Gods	116	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Hero of Leina Tower	G	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Hero of Leina Tower, you may pay {X}. If you do, put X +1/+1 counters on Hero of Leina Tower."	G	G	Born of the Gods	123	rare	Aaron Miller		
Dakra Mystic	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Each player reveals the top card of their library. You may put the revealed cards into their owners' graveyards. If you don't, each player draws a card."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	35	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Hypnotic Siren	U	1	Enchantment Creature ? Siren	"Bestow {5}{U}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Flying
You control enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	42	rare	James Ryman		
Thassa's Ire	U	1	Enchantment	{3}{U}: You may tap or untap target creature.	U	U	Journey into Nyx	54	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Gnarled Scarhide	B	1	Enchantment Creature ? Minotaur	"Bestow {3}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Gnarled Scarhide can't block.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and can't block."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	72	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Bearer of the Heavens	7R	8	Creature ? Giant	"When Bearer of the Heavens dies, destroy all permanents at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	89	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Brown Ouphe	G	1	Creature ? Ouphe	"{1}{G}, {T}: Counter target activated ability from an artifact source. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	G	G	Mirrodin	115	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Birds of Paradise	G	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	153	rare	Marcelo Vignali		
Curiosity	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	U	U	Innistrad	49	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Dragonmaster Outcast	R	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control six or more lands, create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Worldwake	81	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Trolls of Tel-Jilad	5GG	7	Creature ? Troll Shaman	{1}{G}: Regenerate target green creature.	G	G	Mirrodin	136	uncommon	Marcelo Vignali		
Arcbound Lancer	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"First strike
Modular 4 (This enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	98	uncommon	John Avon		
Darksteel Gargoyle	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
Indestructible (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this creature.)"			Darksteel	111	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Death-Mask Duplicant	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Imprint ? {1}: Exile target creature card from your graveyard.
As long as a card exiled with Death-Mask Duplicant has flying, Death-Mask Duplicant has flying. The same is true for fear, first strike, double strike, haste, landwalk, protection, and trample."			Darksteel	115	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Nim Grotesque	6B	7	Creature ? Zombie	Nim Grotesque gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.	B	B	Fifth Dawn	56	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Lunar Avenger	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Lunar Avenger: Lunar Avenger gains your choice of flying, first strike, or haste until end of turn."			Fifth Dawn	136	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Kami of the Honored Dead	5WW	7	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Kami of the Honored Dead is dealt damage, you gain that much life.
Soulshift 6 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 6 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	12	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Pus Kami	5BB	7	Creature ? Spirit	"{B}, Sacrifice Pus Kami: Destroy target nonblack creature.
Soulshift 6 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 6 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	79	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Ashen Monstrosity	5RR	7	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
Ashen Monstrosity attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	93	uncommon	Chris Appelhans		
Battering Wurm	6G	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Creatures with power less than Battering Wurm's power can't block it."	G	G	Guildpact	79	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Skarrgan Skybreaker	4RRG	7	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"Bloodthirst 3 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.)
{1}, Sacrifice Skarrgan Skybreaker: It deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	Guildpact	130	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Tresserhorn Skyknight	5BB	7	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Flying
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Tresserhorn Skyknight by creatures with first strike."	B	B	Coldsnap	73	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Phantasmagorian	5BB	7	Creature ? Horror	"When you cast this spell, any player may discard three cards. If a player does, counter Phantasmagorian.
Discard three cards: Return Phantasmagorian from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Planar Chaos	77	uncommon	Steve Ellis		
Benthicore	6U	7	Creature ? Elemental	"When Benthicore enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Merfolk Wizard creature tokens.
Tap two untapped Merfolk you control: Untap Benthicore. It gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	53	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Guardian of Cloverdell	5GG	7	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"When Guardian of Cloverdell enters the battlefield, create three 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature tokens.
{G}, Sacrifice a Kithkin: You gain 1 life."	G	G	Lorwyn	216	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Boldwyr Intimidator	5RR	7	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Cowards can't block Warriors.
{R}: Target creature becomes a Coward until end of turn.
{2}{R}: Target creature becomes a Warrior until end of turn."	R	R	Morningtide	86	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Pale Wayfarer	5WW	7	Creature ? Spirit Giant	"{2}{W}{W}, {Q}: Target creature gains protection from the color of its controller's choice until end of turn. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	17	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Rockcaster Platoon	5WW	7	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	{4}{G}: Rockcaster Platoon deals 2 damage to each creature with flying and each player.	W	W	Shards of Alara	23	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Vagrant Plowbeasts	5GW	7	Creature ? Beast	{1}: Regenerate target creature with power 5 or greater.	W	W	Conflux	129	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Thraximundar	4UBR	7	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Assassin	"Haste
Whenever Thraximundar attacks, defending player sacrifices a creature.
Whenever a player sacrifices a creature, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Thraximundar."	U	U	Alara Reborn	113	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
"Karrthus, Tyrant of Jund"	4BRG	7	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
When Karrthus, Tyrant of Jund enters the battlefield, gain control of all Dragons, then untap all Dragons.
Other Dragon creatures you control have haste."	R	R	Alara Reborn	117	mythic	Dave Kendall		
"Kalitas, Bloodchief of Ghet"	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"{B}{B}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature. If that creature dies this way, create a black Vampire creature token. Its power is equal to that creature's power and its toughness is equal to that creature's toughness."	B	B	Zendikar	99	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Needlebite Trap	5BB	7	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent gained life this turn, you may pay {B} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target player loses 5 life and you gain 5 life."	B	B	Zendikar	105	uncommon	Daarken		
Avenger of Zendikar	5GG	7	Creature ? Elemental	"When Avenger of Zendikar enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token for each land you control.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each Plant creature you control."	G	G	Worldwake	96	mythic	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Novablast Wurm	3GGWW	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Novablast Wurm attacks, destroy all other creatures."	W	W	Worldwake	119	mythic	Michael Komarck		
All Is Dust	7	7	Tribal Sorcery ? Eldrazi	Each player sacrifices all colored permanents they control.			Rise of the Eldrazi	1	mythic	Jason Felix		
Not of This World	7	7	Tribal Instant ? Eldrazi	"Counter target spell or ability that targets a permanent you control.
This spell costs {7} less to cast if it targets a spell or ability that targets a creature you control with power 7 or greater."			Rise of the Eldrazi	8	uncommon	Izzy		
Skittering Invasion	7	7	Tribal Sorcery ? Eldrazi	"Create five 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""			Rise of the Eldrazi	10	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Cast Through Time	4UUU	7	Enchantment	"Instant and sorcery spells you control have rebound. (Exile the spell as it resolves if you cast it from your hand. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast that card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	55	mythic	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Quicksilver Gargantuan	5UU	7	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Quicksilver Gargantuan enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it's 7/7."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	39	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Kemba's Legion	5WW	7	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Vigilance
Kemba's Legion can block an additional creature each combat for each Equipment attached to Kemba's Legion."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	9	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Quilled Slagwurm	4GGG	7	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	89	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Karn Liberated	7	7	Legendary Planeswalker ? Karn	"+4: Target player exiles a card from their hand.
?3: Exile target permanent.
?14: Restart the game, leaving in exile all non-Aura permanent cards exiled with Karn Liberated. Then put those cards onto the battlefield under your control."			New Phyrexia	1	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite"	5WW	7	Legendary Creature ? Praetor	"Vigilance
Other creatures you control get +2/+2.
Creatures your opponents control get -2/-2."	W	W	New Phyrexia	9	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
"Sheoldred, Whispering One"	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Praetor	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	New Phyrexia	73	mythic	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Balefire Dragon	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Balefire Dragon deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to each creature that player controls."	R	R	Innistrad	129	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Drogskol Reaver	5WU	7	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying, double strike, lifelink
Whenever you gain life, draw a card."	W	W	Dark Ascension	137	mythic	Vincent Proce		
Archangel	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Avacyn Restored	5	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
"Gisela, Blade of Goldnight"	4RWW	7	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike
If a source would deal damage to an opponent or a permanent an opponent controls, that source deals double that damage to that player or permanent instead.
If a source would deal damage to you or a permanent you control, prevent half that damage, rounded up."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	209	mythic	Jason Chan		
Angel of Serenity	4WWW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Serenity enters the battlefield, you may exile up to three other target creatures from the battlefield and/or creature cards from graveyards.
When Angel of Serenity leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to their owners' hands."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	1	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Minotaur Aggressor	6R	7	Creature ? Minotaur Berserker	"First strike, haste"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	100	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Archweaver	5GG	7	Creature ? Spider	"Reach, trample"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	114	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Risen Sanctuary	5GW	7	Creature ? Elemental	Vigilance	W	W	Return to Ravnica	190	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Lord of the Void	4BBB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Whenever Lord of the Void deals combat damage to a player, exile the top seven cards of that player's library, then put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Gatecrash	71	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Giant Adephage	5GG	7	Creature ? Insect	"Trample
Whenever Giant Adephage deals combat damage to a player, create a token that's a copy of Giant Adephage."	G	G	Gatecrash	121	mythic	Christine Choi		
Trostani's Summoner	5GW	7	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Trostani's Summoner enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance, a 3/3 green Centaur creature token, and a 4/4 green Rhino creature token with trample."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	110	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Kraken of the Straits	5UU	7	Creature ? Kraken	Creatures with power less than the number of Islands you control can't block Kraken of the Straits.	U	U	Born of the Gods	42	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Quarry Colossus	5WW	7	Creature ? Giant	"When Quarry Colossus enters the battlefield, put target creature into its owner's library just beneath the top X cards of that library, where X is the number of Plains you control."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	22	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Luminous Angel	4WWW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Mirrodin	15	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Plated Slagwurm	4GGG	7	Creature ? Wurm	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Mirrodin	127	rare	Justin Sweet		
Altar of Shadows	7	7	Artifact	"At the beginning of your precombat main phase, add {B} for each charge counter on Altar of Shadows.
{7}, {T}: Destroy target creature. Then put a charge counter on Altar of Shadows."		B	Mirrodin	143	rare	Sam Wood		
Clockwork Dragon	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Clockwork Dragon enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Clockwork Dragon attacks or blocks, remove a +1/+1 counter from it at end of combat.
{3}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Clockwork Dragon."			Mirrodin	155	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Pentavus	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Pentavus enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Pentavus: Create a 1/1 colorless Pentavite artifact creature token with flying.
{1}, Sacrifice a Pentavite: Put a +1/+1 counter on Pentavus."			Mirrodin	226	rare	Greg Staples		
Platinum Angel	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Angel	"Flying
You can't lose the game and your opponents can't win the game."			Mirrodin	228	rare	Brom		
Roaring Slagwurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Roaring Slagwurm attacks, tap all artifacts."	G	G	Darksteel	83	rare	David Martin		
Memnarch	7	7	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Wizard	"{1}{U}{U}: Target permanent becomes an artifact in addition to its other types. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
{3}{U}: Gain control of target artifact. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"		U	Darksteel	129	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Raksha Golden Cub	5WW	7	Legendary Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Vigilance
As long as Raksha Golden Cub is equipped, Cat creatures you control get +2/+2 and have double strike."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	12	rare	Pete Venters		
Magma Giant	5RR	7	Creature ? Giant	"When Magma Giant enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	72	rare	Nottsuo		
Tornado Elemental	5GG	7	Creature ? Elemental	"When Tornado Elemental enters the battlefield, it deals 6 damage to each creature with flying.
You may have Tornado Elemental assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	97	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Solarion	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
{T}: Double the number of +1/+1 counters on Solarion."			Fifth Dawn	153	rare	Jim Murray		
Summoning Station	7	7	Artifact	"{T}: Create a 2/2 colorless Pincher creature token.
Whenever an artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may untap Summoning Station."			Fifth Dawn	158	rare	Stephen Tappin		
"Konda, Lord of Eiganjo"	5WW	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Vigilance, indestructible
Bushido 5 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +5/+5 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	30	rare	John Bolton		
"Oyobi, Who Split the Heavens"	6W	7	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, create a 3/3 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	18	rare	Christopher Moeller		
"Yomiji, Who Bars the Way"	5WW	7	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever a legendary permanent other than Yomiji, Who Bars the Way is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return that card to its owner's hand."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	30	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
Patron of the Moon	5UU	7	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Moonfolk offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a Moonfolk and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed Moonfolk. Mana cost includes color.)
Flying
{1}: Put up to two land cards from your hand onto the battlefield tapped."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	45	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Patron of the Nezumi	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Rat offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a Rat and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed Rat. Mana cost includes color.)
Whenever a permanent is put into an opponent's graveyard, that player loses 1 life."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	77	rare	Kev Walker		
"Meishin, the Mind Cage"	4UUU	7	Legendary Enchantment	"All creatures get -X/-0, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	44	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Bounteous Kirin	5GG	7	Legendary Creature ? Kirin Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may gain life equal to that spell's converted mana cost."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	123	rare	Shishizaru		
Ghosts of the Innocent	5WW	7	Creature ? Spirit	"If a source would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals half that damage, rounded down, to that permanent or player instead."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	20	rare	Kev Walker		
Eye of the Storm	5UU	7	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery card, exile it. Then that player copies each instant or sorcery card exiled with Eye of the Storm. For each copy, the player may cast the copy without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	48	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
"Szadek, Lord of Secrets"	3UUBB	7	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
If Szadek, Lord of Secrets would deal combat damage to a player, instead put that many +1/+1 counters on Szadek and that player puts that many cards from the top of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	234	rare	Donato Giancola		
Petrified Wood-Kin	6G	7	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"This spell can't be countered.
Bloodthirst X (This creature enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the damage dealt to your opponents this turn.)
Protection from instants"	G	G	Guildpact	91	rare	Kev Walker		
Angel of Despair	3WWBB	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Despair enters the battlefield, destroy target permanent."	W	W	Guildpact	101	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Borborygmos	3RRGG	7	Legendary Creature ? Cyclops	"Trample
Whenever Borborygmos deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	R	R	Guildpact	103	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Debtors' Knell	4W/BW/BW/B	7	Enchantment	"({W/B} can be paid with either {W} or {B}.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Guildpact	141	rare	Kev Walker		
Djinn Illuminatus	5U/RU/R	7	Creature ? Djinn	"({U/R} can be paid with either {U} or {R}.)
Flying
Each instant and sorcery spell you cast has replicate. The replicate cost is equal to its mana cost. (When you cast it, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	U	U	Guildpact	142	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Stalking Vengeance	5RR	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Haste
Whenever another creature you control dies, it deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Dissension	73	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Simic Sky Swallower	5GU	7	Creature ? Leviathan	"Flying, trample
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Dissension	130	rare	rk post		
Jokulmorder	4UUU	7	Creature ? Leviathan	"Trample
Jokulmorder enters the battlefield tapped.
When Jokulmorder enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice five lands.
Jokulmorder doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever you play an Island, you may untap Jokulmorder."	U	U	Coldsnap	37	rare	Mark Zug		
Rimefeather Owl	5UU	7	Snow Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Rimefeather Owl's power and toughness are each equal to the number of snow permanents on the battlefield.
{1}{S}: Put an ice counter on target permanent.
Permanents with ice counters on them are snow."	U	U	Coldsnap	42	rare	Kensuke Okabayashi		
Herald of Leshrac	6B	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Flying
Cumulative upkeep?Gain control of a land you don't control. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Herald of Leshrac gets +1/+1 for each land you control but don't own.
When Herald of Leshrac leaves the battlefield, each player gains control of each land they own that you control."	B	B	Coldsnap	62	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Rimescale Dragon	5RR	7	Snow Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{2}{S}: Tap target creature and put an ice counter on it. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
Creatures with ice counters on them don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	R	R	Coldsnap	95	rare	Jeff Easley		
Allosaurus Rider	5GG	7	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"You may exile two green cards from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Allosaurus Rider's power and toughness are each equal to 1 plus the number of lands you control."	G	G	Coldsnap	101	rare	Daren Bader		
Panglacial Wurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
While you're searching your library, you may cast Panglacial Wurm from your library."	G	G	Coldsnap	116	rare	Jim Pavelec		
"Garza Zol, Plague Queen"	4UBR	7	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying, haste
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Garza Zol, Plague Queen this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Garza Zol.
Whenever Garza Zol deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	U	U	Coldsnap	129	rare	Darrell Riche		
Lim-Dl the Necromancer	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, you may pay {1}{B}. If you do, return that card to the battlefield under your control. If it's a creature, it's a Zombie in addition to its other creature types.
{1}{B}: Regenerate target Zombie."	B	B	Time Spiral	114	rare	Matt Cavotta		
"Ith, High Arcanist"	5WU	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Vigilance
{T}: Untap target attacking creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn.
Suspend 4?{W}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {W}{U} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	241	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Kaervek the Merciless	5BR	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, Kaervek the Merciless deals damage to any target equal to that spell's converted mana cost."	R	R	Time Spiral	242	rare	rk post		
Triskelavus	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Flying
Triskelavus enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Triskelavus: Create a 1/1 colorless Triskelavite artifact creature token with flying. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""			Time Spiral	266	rare	Mark Zug		
Take Possession	5UU	7	Enchantment ? Aura	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Enchant permanent
You control enchanted permanent."	U	U	Future Sight	44	rare	Michael Phillippi		
Akroma's Memorial	7	7	Legendary Artifact	"Creatures you control have flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, haste, and protection from black and from red."			Future Sight	159	rare	Dan Scott		
Arbiter of Knollridge	6W	7	Creature ? Giant Wizard	"Vigilance
When Arbiter of Knollridge enters the battlefield, each player's life total becomes the highest life total among all players."	W	W	Lorwyn	2	rare	Brandon Dorman		
Hamletback Goliath	6R	7	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may put X +1/+1 counters on Hamletback Goliath, where X is that creature's power."	R	R	Lorwyn	173	rare	Paolo Parente & Brian Sn?ddy		
Knowledge Exploitation	5UU	7	Tribal Sorcery ? Rogue	"Prowl {3}{U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.)
Search target opponent's library for an instant or sorcery card. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Morningtide	38	rare	Darrell Riche		
Supreme Exemplar	6U	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Champion an Elemental (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elemental you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)"	U	U	Morningtide	53	rare	Mark Tedin		
Borderland Behemoth	5RR	7	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Trample
Borderland Behemoth gets +4/+4 for each other Giant you control."	R	R	Morningtide	87	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Windbrisk Raptor	5WW	7	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Attacking creatures you control have lifelink."	W	W	Shadowmoor	26	rare	Omar Rayyan		
Isleback Spawn	5UU	7	Creature ? Kraken	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Isleback Spawn gets +4/+8 as long as a library has twenty or fewer cards in it."	U	U	Shadowmoor	40	rare	Mark Tedin		
Thought Reflection	4UUU	7	Enchantment	"If you would draw a card, draw two cards instead."	U	U	Shadowmoor	53	rare	Terese Nielsen & Ron Spencer		
Hollowborn Barghest	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon Hound	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have no cards in hand, each opponent loses 2 life.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, they lose 2 life."	B	B	Shadowmoor	68	rare	Eric Fortune		
Knollspine Dragon	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Knollspine Dragon enters the battlefield, you may discard your hand and draw cards equal to the damage dealt to target opponent this turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	98	rare	Steve Prescott		
Mossbridge Troll	5GG	7	Creature ? Troll	"If Mossbridge Troll would be destroyed, regenerate it.
Tap any number of untapped creatures you control other than Mossbridge Troll with total power 10 or greater: Mossbridge Troll gets +20/+20 until end of turn."	G	G	Shadowmoor	123	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Grim Poppet	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Grim Poppet enters the battlefield with three -1/-1 counters on it.
Remove a -1/-1 counter from Grim Poppet: Put a -1/-1 counter on another target creature."			Shadowmoor	252	rare	Kev Walker		
Umbra Stalker	4BBB	7	Creature ? Elemental	Chroma ? Umbra Stalker's power and toughness are each equal to the number of black mana symbols in the mana costs of cards in your graveyard.	B	B	Eventide	48	rare	Daarken		
Hateflayer	5RR	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
{2}{R}, {Q}: Hateflayer deals damage equal to its power to any target. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	R	R	Eventide	55	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Regal Force	4GGG	7	Creature ? Elemental	"When Regal Force enters the battlefield, draw a card for each green creature you control."	G	G	Eventide	74	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Doomgape	4B/GB/GB/G	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness."	G	G	Eventide	120	rare	Dave Allsop		
Altar Golem	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample
Altar Golem's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures on the battlefield.
Altar Golem doesn't untap during your untap step.
Tap five untapped creatures you control: Untap Altar Golem."			Eventide	166	rare	Rob Alexander		
Archdemon of Unx	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a non-Zombie creature, then create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Shards of Alara	64	rare	Dave Allsop		
Vicious Shadows	6R	7	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, you may have Vicious Shadows deal damage to target player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand."	R	R	Shards of Alara	119	rare	Joshua Hagler		
Spearbreaker Behemoth	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Indestructible
{1}: Target creature with power 5 or greater gains indestructible until end of turn."	G	G	Shards of Alara	150	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Blood Tyrant	4UBR	7	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, each player loses 1 life. Put a +1/+1 counter on Blood Tyrant for each 1 life lost this way.
Whenever a player loses the game, put five +1/+1 counters on Blood Tyrant."	U	U	Conflux	99	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Charnelhoard Wurm	4BRG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
Whenever Charnelhoard Wurm deals damage to an opponent, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Conflux	100	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Magister Sphinx	4WUB	7	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Magister Sphinx enters the battlefield, target player's life total becomes 10."	W	W	Conflux	116	rare	Steven Belledin		
Cloven Casting	5UR	7	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a multicolored instant or sorcery spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Alara Reborn	86	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Enigma Sphinx	4WUB	7	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Enigma Sphinx is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put it into your library third from the top.
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	106	rare	Chris Rahn		
Goliath Sphinx	5UU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	Flying	U	U	Worldwake	28	rare	Greg Staples		
Butcher of Malakir	5BB	7	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Flying
Whenever Butcher of Malakir or another creature you control dies, each opponent sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Worldwake	53	rare	Jason Chan		
Baneful Omen	4BBB	7	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, you may reveal the top card of your library. If you do, each opponent loses life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	96	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Sphinx-Bone Wand	7	7	Artifact	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may put a charge counter on Sphinx-Bone Wand. If you do, Sphinx-Bone Wand deals damage equal to the number of charge counters on it to any target."			Rise of the Eldrazi	225	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Engulfing Slagwurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Engulfing Slagwurm blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, destroy that creature. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	118	rare	Jaime Jones		
Myr Battlesphere	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Myr Construct	"When Myr Battlesphere enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.
Whenever Myr Battlesphere attacks, you may tap X untapped Myr you control. If you do, Myr Battlesphere gets +X/+0 until end of turn and deals X damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking."			Scars of Mirrodin	180	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Hellkite Igniter	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
{1}{R}: Hellkite Igniter gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of artifacts you control."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	65	rare	Jason Chan		
Spine of Ish Sah	7	7	Artifact	"When Spine of Ish Sah enters the battlefield, destroy target permanent.
When Spine of Ish Sah is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Spine of Ish Sah to its owner's hand."			Mirrodin Besieged	136	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Chancellor of the Annex	4WWW	7	Creature ? Angel	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, when each opponent casts their first spell of the game, counter that spell unless that player pays {1}.
Flying
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, counter it unless that player pays {1}."	W	W	New Phyrexia	6	rare	Min Yum		
Chancellor of the Spires	4UUU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, at the beginning of the first upkeep, each opponent puts the top seven cards of their library into their graveyard.
Flying
When Chancellor of the Spires enters the battlefield, you may cast target instant or sorcery card from an opponent's graveyard without paying its mana cost."	U	U	New Phyrexia	31	rare	Nils Hamm		
Phyrexian Ingester	6U	7	Creature ? Beast	"Imprint ? When Phyrexian Ingester enters the battlefield, you may exile target nontoken creature.
Phyrexian Ingester gets +X/+Y, where X is the exiled creature card's power and Y is its toughness."	U	U	New Phyrexia	41	rare	Chris Rahn		
Chancellor of the Dross	4BBB	7	Creature ? Vampire	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, at the beginning of the first upkeep, each opponent loses 3 life, then you gain life equal to the life lost this way.
Flying, lifelink"	B	B	New Phyrexia	54	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Chancellor of the Forge	4RRR	7	Creature ? Giant	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, at the beginning of the first upkeep, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste.
When Chancellor of the Forge enters the battlefield, create X 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens with haste, where X is the number of creatures you control."	R	R	New Phyrexia	81	rare	Chippy		
Chancellor of the Tangle	4GGG	7	Creature ? Beast	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, at the beginning of your first main phase, add {G}.
Vigilance, reach"	G	G	New Phyrexia	106	rare	Steve Prescott		
Moldgraf Monstrosity	4GGG	7	Creature ? Insect	"Trample
When Moldgraf Monstrosity dies, exile it, then return two creature cards at random from your graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Innistrad	194	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Angel of Glory's Rise	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Glory's Rise enters the battlefield, exile all Zombies, then return all Human creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	1	rare	James Ryman		
Spirit Away	5UU	7	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	76	rare	Greg Staples		
Tyrant of Discord	4RRR	7	Creature ? Elemental	"When Tyrant of Discord enters the battlefield, target opponent chooses a permanent they control at random and sacrifices it. If a nonland permanent is sacrificed this way, repeat this process."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	162	rare	Richard Wright		
Grave Betrayal	5BB	7	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you don't control dies, return it to the battlefield under your control with an additional +1/+1 counter on it at the beginning of the next end step. That creature is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	67	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Archon of the Triumvirate	5WU	7	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
Whenever Archon of the Triumvirate attacks, detain up to two target nonland permanents your opponents control. (Until your next turn, those permanents can't attack or block and their activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	142	rare	David Rapoza		
Luminate Primordial	5WW	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Vigilance
When Luminate Primordial enters the battlefield, for each opponent, exile up to one target creature that player controls and that player gains life equal to its power."	W	W	Gatecrash	20	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Diluvian Primordial	5UU	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Flying
When Diluvian Primordial enters the battlefield, for each opponent, you may cast up to one target instant or sorcery card from that player's graveyard without paying its mana cost. If a card cast this way would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	U	U	Gatecrash	33	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Sepulchral Primordial	5BB	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
When Sepulchral Primordial enters the battlefield, for each opponent, you may put up to one target creature card from that player's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Gatecrash	75	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Molten Primordial	5RR	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Haste
When Molten Primordial enters the battlefield, for each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	101	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Gruul Ragebeast	5RG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Gruul Ragebeast or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, that creature fights target creature an opponent controls."	R	R	Gatecrash	170	rare	Dave Kendall		
Boros Battleshaper	5RW	7	Creature ? Minotaur Soldier	"At the beginning of each combat, up to one target creature attacks or blocks this combat if able and up to one target creature can't attack or block this combat."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	58	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Emmara Tandris	5GW	7	Legendary Creature ? Elf Shaman	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creature tokens you control.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	68	rare	Mark Winters		
"Teysa, Envoy of Ghosts"	5WB	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Vigilance, protection from creatures
Whenever a creature deals combat damage to you, destroy that creature. Create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	108	rare	Karla Ortiz		
Abhorrent Overlord	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Abhorrent Overlord enters the battlefield, create a number of 1/1 black Harpy creature tokens with flying equal to your devotion to black. (Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Theros	75	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Silent Sentinel	5WW	7	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
Whenever Silent Sentinel attacks, you may return target enchantment card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Born of the Gods	26	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Tromokratis	5UU	7	Legendary Creature ? Kraken	"Tromokratis has hexproof unless it's attacking or blocking.
Tromokratis can't be blocked unless all creatures defending player controls block it. (If any creature that player controls doesn't block this creature, it can't be blocked.)"	U	U	Born of the Gods	55	rare	Matt Stewart		
Eater of Hope	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Regenerate Eater of Hope.
{2}{B}, Sacrifice two other creatures: Destroy target creature."	B	B	Born of the Gods	66	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Scourge of Fleets	5UU	7	Creature ? Kraken	"When Scourge of Fleets enters the battlefield, return each creature your opponents control with toughness X or less to its owner's hand, where X is the number of Islands you control."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	51	rare	Steven Belledin		
Spawn of Thraxes	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Spawn of Thraxes enters the battlefield, it deals damage to any target equal to the number of Mountains you control."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	112	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Megatog	4RR	6	Creature ? Atog	Sacrifice an artifact: Megatog gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin	100	rare	Pete Venters		
Duplicant	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Imprint ? When Duplicant enters the battlefield, you may exile target nontoken creature.
As long as a card exiled with Duplicant is a creature card, Duplicant has the power, toughness, and creature types of the last creature card exiled with Duplicant. It's still a Shapeshifter."			Mirrodin	165	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Gate to the Aether	6	6	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player reveals the top card of their library. If it's an artifact, creature, enchantment, or land card, the player may put it onto the battlefield."			Mirrodin	174	rare	Pete Venters		
Mindslaver	6	6	Legendary Artifact	"{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Mindslaver: You control target player during that player's next turn. (You see all cards that player could see and make all decisions for the player.)"			Mirrodin	206	rare	Glen Angus		
Myr Incubator	6	6	Artifact	"{6}, {T}, Sacrifice Myr Incubator: Search your library for any number of artifact cards, exile them, then create that many 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens. Then shuffle your library."			Mirrodin	212	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Pristine Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
As long as Pristine Angel is untapped, it has protection from artifacts and from all colors.
Whenever you cast a spell, you may untap Pristine Angel."	W	W	Darksteel	9	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Gemini Engine	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Gemini Engine attacks, create a colorless Construct artifact creature token named Twin that's attacking. Its power is equal to Gemini Engine's power and its toughness is equal to Gemini Engine's toughness. Sacrifice the token at end of combat."			Darksteel	121	rare	Nottsuo		
Mycosynth Lattice	6	6	Artifact	"All permanents are artifacts in addition to their other types.
All cards that aren't on the battlefield, spells, and permanents are colorless.
Players may spend mana as though it were mana of any color."			Darksteel	130	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Mephidross Vampire	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Each creature you control is a Vampire in addition to its other creature types and has ""Whenever this creature deals damage to a creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature."""	B	B	Fifth Dawn	53	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Salvaging Station	6	6	Artifact	"{T}: Return target noncreature artifact card with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Whenever a creature dies, you may untap Salvaging Station."			Fifth Dawn	148	rare	Greg Staples		
"Takeno, Samurai General"	5W	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)
Each other Samurai creature you control gets +1/+1 for each point of bushido it has."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	46	rare	Matt Cavotta		
"Yosei, the Morning Star"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying
When Yosei, the Morning Star dies, target player skips their next untap step. Tap up to five target permanents that player controls."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	50	rare	Hiro Izawa		
"Keiga, the Tide Star"	5U	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying
When Keiga, the Tide Star dies, gain control of target creature."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	72	rare	Ittoku		
Reweave	5U	6	Instant ? Arcane	"Target permanent's controller sacrifices it. If the player does, they reveal cards from the top of their library until they reveal a permanent card that shares a card type with the sacrificed permanent, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library.
Splice onto Arcane {2}{U}{U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	82	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
"Uyo, Silent Prophet"	4UU	6	Legendary Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return two lands you control to their owner's hand: Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	99	rare	John Bolton		
"Iname, Death Aspect"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"When Iname, Death Aspect enters the battlefield, you may search your library for any number of Spirit cards and put them into your graveyard. If you do, shuffle your library."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	118	rare	Justin Sweet		
"Kokusho, the Evening Star"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying
When Kokusho, the Evening Star dies, each opponent loses 5 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	122	rare	Tsutomu Kawade		
"Godo, Bandit Warlord"	5R	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Barbarian	"When Godo, Bandit Warlord enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Equipment card and put it onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library.
Whenever Godo attacks for the first time each turn, untap it and all Samurai you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	169	rare	Paolo Parente		
"Ryusei, the Falling Star"	5R	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying
When Ryusei, the Falling Star dies, it deals 5 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	185	rare	Nottsuo		
Tide of War	4RR	6	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures block, flip a coin. If you win the flip, each blocking creature is sacrificed by its controller. If you lose the flip, each blocked creature is sacrificed by its controller."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	194	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Iname, Life Aspect"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"When Iname, Life Aspect dies, you may exile it. If you do, return any number of target Spirit cards from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	215	rare	Justin Sweet		
"Jugan, the Rising Star"	3GGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying
When Jugan, the Rising Star dies, you may distribute five +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	217	rare	Shishizaru		
Seshiro the Anointed	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Snake Monk	"Other Snake creatures you control get +2/+2.
Whenever a Snake you control deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	241	rare	Daren Bader		
Hair-Strung Koto	6	6	Artifact	Tap an untapped creature you control: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.			Champions of Kamigawa	252	rare	Rebecca Guay		
"Tatsumasa, the Dragon's Fang"	6	6	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +5/+5.
{6}, Exile Tatsumasa, the Dragon's Fang: Create a 5/5 blue Dragon Spirit creature token with flying. Return Tatsumasa to the battlefield under its owner's control when that token dies.
Equip {3}"			Champions of Kamigawa	270	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Patron of the Kitsune	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Fox offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a Fox and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed Fox. Mana cost includes color.)
Whenever a creature attacks, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	19	rare	Ben Thompson		
"Tomorrow, Azami's Familiar"	5U	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"If you would draw a card, look at the top three cards of your library instead. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	58	rare	Christopher Rush		
"Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Rat Ninja	"Ninjutsu {3}{B}{B} ({3}{B}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni deals combat damage to a player, you may put target creature card from that player's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Ink-Eyes."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	71	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Kyoki, Sanity's Eclipse"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target opponent exiles a card from their hand."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	72	rare	Paolo Parente		
Patron of the Akki	4RR	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Goblin offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a Goblin and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed Goblin. Mana cost includes color.)
Whenever Patron of the Akki attacks, creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	115	rare	Jim Nelson		
"Sakiko, Mother of Summer"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Snake Shaman	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, add that much {G}. Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	141	rare	Michael Sutfin		
"Soramaro, First to Dream"	4UU	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Soramaro, First to Dream's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
{4}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Draw a card."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	58	rare	Brian Despain		
Choice of Damnations	5B	6	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Target opponent chooses a number. You may have that player lose that much life. If you don't, that player sacrifices all but that many permanents."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	62	rare	Tim Hildebrandt		
"Masumaro, First to Live"	3GGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Masumaro, First to Live's power and toughness are each equal to twice the number of cards in your hand."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	136	rare	Adam Rex		
Cerulean Sphinx	4UU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
{U}: Cerulean Sphinx's owner shuffles it into their library."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	39	rare	Jim Murray		
Helldozer	3BBB	6	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"{B}{B}{B}, {T}: Destroy target land. If that land was nonbasic, untap Helldozer."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	88	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Hammerfist Giant	4RR	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	{T}: Hammerfist Giant deals 4 damage to each creature without flying and each player.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	130	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Primordial Sage	4GG	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may draw a card."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	177	rare	Justin Sweet		
Firemane Angel	3RWW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Firemane Angel is in your graveyard or on the battlefield, you may gain 1 life.
{6}{R}{R}{W}{W}: Return Firemane Angel from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	205	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Tolsimir Wolfblood	4GW	6	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.
{T}: Create a legendary 2/2 green and white Wolf creature token named Voja."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	236	rare	Donato Giancola		
Woodwraith Corrupter	3BBG	6	Creature ? Elemental Horror	"{1}{B}{G}, {T}: Target Forest becomes a 4/4 black and green Elemental Horror creature. It's still a land."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	240	rare	Greg Staples		
Gleancrawler	3B/GB/GB/G	6	Creature ? Insect Horror	"({B/G} can be paid with either {B} or {G}.)
Trample
At the beginning of your end step, return to your hand all creature cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	247	rare	Dave Allsop		
Graven Dominator	4WW	6	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Graven Dominator enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, each other creature has base power and toughness 1/1 until end of turn."	W	W	Guildpact	7	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Skeletal Vampire	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire Skeleton	"Flying
When Skeletal Vampire enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 black Bat creature tokens with flying.
{3}{B}{B}, Sacrifice a Bat: Create two 1/1 black Bat creature tokens with flying.
Sacrifice a Bat: Regenerate Skeletal Vampire."	B	B	Guildpact	62	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Skarrgan Firebird	4RR	6	Creature ? Phoenix	"Bloodthirst 3 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.)
Flying
{R}{R}{R}: Return Skarrgan Firebird from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if an opponent was dealt damage this turn."	R	R	Guildpact	77	rare	Kev Walker		
Wurmweaver Coil	4GG	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant green creature
Enchanted creature gets +6/+6.
{G}{G}{G}, Sacrifice Wurmweaver Coil: Create a 6/6 green Wurm creature token."	G	G	Guildpact	99	rare	Mitch Cotie		
Killer Instinct	4RG	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Guildpact	120	rare	Christopher Moeller		
"Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind"	2UURR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you draw a card, Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind deals 1 damage to any target.
{T}: Draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	123	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Novijen Sages	4UU	6	Creature ? Human Advisor Mutant	"Graft 4 (This creature enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{1}, Remove two +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control: Draw a card."	U	U	Dissension	27	rare	Luca Zontini		
Ratcatcher	4BB	6	Creature ? Ogre Rogue	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may search your library for a Rat card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Dissension	52	rare	Dan Scott		
Experiment Kraj	2GGUU	6	Legendary Creature ? Ooze Mutant	"Experiment Kraj has all activated abilities of each other creature with a +1/+1 counter on it.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	U	U	Dissension	110	rare	Mark Tedin		
Rakdos the Defiler	2BBRR	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
Whenever Rakdos the Defiler attacks, sacrifice half the non-Demon permanents you control, rounded up.
Whenever Rakdos deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices half the non-Demon permanents they control, rounded up."	R	R	Dissension	129	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Dovescape	3W/UW/UW/U	6	Enchantment	"({W/U} can be paid with either {W} or {U}.)
Whenever a player casts a noncreature spell, counter that spell. That player creates X 1/1 white and blue Bird creature tokens with flying, where X is the spell's converted mana cost."	W	W	Dissension	143	rare	Shishizaru		
Adarkar Valkyrie	4WW	6	Snow Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
{T}: When target creature other than Adarkar Valkyrie dies this turn, return that card to the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Coldsnap	1	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
"Darien, King of Kjeldor"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever you're dealt damage, you may create that many 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Coldsnap	4	rare	Michael Phillippi		
Void Maw	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
If another creature would die, exile it instead.
Put a card exiled with Void Maw into its owner's graveyard: Void Maw gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Coldsnap	74	rare	E. M. Gist		
Shape of the Wiitigo	3GGG	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Shape of the Wiitigo enters the battlefield, put six +1/+1 counters on enchanted creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature if it attacked or blocked since your last upkeep. Otherwise, remove a +1/+1 counter from it."	G	G	Coldsnap	120	rare	Ron Spencer		
Chronosavant	5W	6	Creature ? Giant	{1}{W}: Return Chronosavant from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. You skip your next turn.	W	W	Time Spiral	9	rare	Pete Venters		
Weathered Bodyguards	5W	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As long as Weathered Bodyguards is untapped, all combat damage that would be dealt to you by unblocked creatures is dealt to Weathered Bodyguards instead.
Morph {3}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	46	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Draining Whelk	4UU	6	Creature ? Illusion	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
When Draining Whelk enters the battlefield, counter target spell. Put X +1/+1 counters on Draining Whelk, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Time Spiral	57	rare	Mark Tedin		
Magus of the Mirror	4BB	6	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Sacrifice Magus of the Mirror: Exchange life totals with target opponent. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Time Spiral	116	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Stronghold Overseer	3BBB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{B}{B}: Creatures with shadow get +1/+0 until end of turn and creatures without shadow get -1/-0 until end of turn."	B	B	Time Spiral	133	rare	Puddnhead		
Pardic Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Pardic Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Suspend 2?{R}{R}
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if Pardic Dragon is suspended, that player may put a time counter on Pardic Dragon."	R	R	Time Spiral	173	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
"Crovax, Ascendant Hero"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human	"Other white creatures get +1/+1.
Nonwhite creatures get -1/-1.
Pay 2 life: Return Crovax, Ascendant Hero to its owner's hand."	W	W	Planar Chaos	3	rare	Pete Venters		
Null Profusion	4BB	6	Enchantment	"Skip your draw step.
Whenever you play a card, draw a card.
Your maximum hand size is two."	B	B	Planar Chaos	89	rare	Kev Walker		
Magus of the Arena	4RR	6	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{3}, {T}: Tap target creature you control and target creature of an opponent's choice they control. Those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	R	R	Planar Chaos	104	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Jedit Ojanen of Efrava	3GGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
Whenever Jedit Ojanen of Efrava attacks or blocks, create a 2/2 green Cat Warrior creature token with forestwalk."	G	G	Planar Chaos	131	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Wild Pair	4GG	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, you may search your library for a creature card with the same total power and toughness and put it onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Planar Chaos	144	rare	Mark Brill		
"Intet, the Dreamer"	3GUR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Intet, the Dreamer deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{U}. If you do, exile the top card of your library face down. You may look at that card for as long as it remains exiled. You may play that card without paying its mana cost for as long as Intet remains on the battlefield."	U	U	Planar Chaos	158	rare	Dan Scott		
"Numot, the Devastator"	3URW	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Numot, the Devastator deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, destroy up to two target lands."	W	W	Planar Chaos	160	rare	Dan Dos Santos		
"Oros, the Avenger"	3RWB	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Oros, the Avenger deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{W}. If you do, Oros deals 3 damage to each nonwhite creature."	W	W	Planar Chaos	161	rare	Daren Bader		
"Teneb, the Harvester"	3WBG	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Teneb, the Harvester deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{B}. If you do, put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Planar Chaos	163	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
"Vorosh, the Hunter"	3BGU	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Vorosh, the Hunter deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{G}. If you do, put six +1/+1 counters on Vorosh."	U	U	Planar Chaos	164	rare	Mark Zug		
Barren Glory	4WW	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control no permanents other than Barren Glory and have no cards in hand, you win the game."	W	W	Future Sight	3	rare	Dave Kendall		
Gibbering Descent	4BB	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player loses 1 life and discards a card.
Hellbent ? Skip your upkeep step if you have no cards in hand.
Madness {2}{B}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Future Sight	66	rare	Ittoku		
Nihilith	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Suspend 7?{1}{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{B} and exile it with seven time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever a card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, if Nihilith is suspended, you may remove a time counter from Nihilith."	B	B	Future Sight	72	rare	Dave Allsop		
Purity	3WWW	6	Creature ? Elemental Incarnation	"Flying
If noncombat damage would be dealt to you, prevent that damage. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way.
When Purity is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	W	W	Lorwyn	37	rare	Warren Mahy		
Forced Fruition	4UU	6	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player draws seven cards."	U	U	Lorwyn	66	rare	William O'Connor		
Guile	3UUU	6	Creature ? Elemental Incarnation	"Guile can't be blocked except by three or more creatures.
If a spell or ability you control would counter a spell, instead exile that spell and you may play that card without paying its mana cost.
When Guile is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	U	U	Lorwyn	69	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Wanderwine Prophets	4UU	6	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Champion a Merfolk (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Merfolk you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Whenever Wanderwine Prophets deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice a Merfolk. If you do, take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Lorwyn	95	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dread	3BBB	6	Creature ? Elemental Incarnation	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever a creature deals damage to you, destroy it.
When Dread is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	B	B	Lorwyn	107	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Nettlevine Blight	4BB	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature or land
Enchanted permanent has ""At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice this permanent and attach Nettlevine Blight to a creature or land you control."""	B	B	Lorwyn	131	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Hostility	3RRR	6	Creature ? Elemental Incarnation	"Haste
If a spell you control would deal damage to an opponent, prevent that damage. Create a 3/1 red Elemental Shaman creature token with haste for each 1 damage prevented this way.
When Hostility is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	R	R	Lorwyn	176	rare	Omar Rayyan		
Sunrise Sovereign	5R	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	Other Giant creatures you control get +2/+2 and have trample.	R	R	Lorwyn	192	rare	William O'Connor		
Cloudthresher	2GGGG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash
Reach
When Cloudthresher enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to each creature with flying and each player.
Evoke {2}{G}{G} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	202	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Epic Proportions	4GG	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +5/+5 and has trample."	G	G	Lorwyn	209	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Vigor	3GGG	6	Creature ? Elemental Incarnation	"Trample
If damage would be dealt to another creature you control, prevent that damage. Put a +1/+1 counter on that creature for each 1 damage prevented this way.
When Vigor is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	G	G	Lorwyn	240	rare	Jim Murray		
Feudkiller's Verdict	4WW	6	Tribal Sorcery ? Giant	"You gain 10 life. Then if you have more life than an opponent, create a 5/5 white Giant Warrior creature token."	W	W	Morningtide	9	rare	Dan Scott		
Twilight Shepherd	3WWW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
When Twilight Shepherd enters the battlefield, return to your hand all cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	25	rare	Jason Chan		
Midnight Banshee	3BBB	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -1/-1 counter on each nonblack creature."	B	B	Shadowmoor	72	rare	Daarken		
Wound Reflection	5B	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each end step, each opponent loses life equal to the life they lost this turn. (Damage causes loss of life.)"	B	B	Shadowmoor	81	rare	Terese Nielsen & Ron Spencer		
Rage Reflection	4RR	6	Enchantment	Creatures you control have double strike.	R	R	Shadowmoor	104	rare	Terese Nielsen & Ron Spencer		
Mana Reflection	4GG	6	Enchantment	"If you tap a permanent for mana, it produces twice as much of that mana instead."	G	G	Shadowmoor	122	rare	Terese Nielsen & Ron Spencer		
Witherscale Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Witherscale Wurm blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, that creature gains wither until end of turn. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Whenever Witherscale Wurm deals damage to an opponent, remove all -1/-1 counters from it."	G	G	Shadowmoor	134	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
"Oona, Queen of the Fae"	3U/BU/BU/B	6	Legendary Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
{X}{U/B}: Choose a color. Target opponent exiles the top X cards of their library. For each card of the chosen color exiled this way, create a 1/1 blue and black Faerie Rogue creature token with flying."	U	U	Shadowmoor	172	rare	Adam Rex		
Valleymaker	5R/G	6	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"{T}, Sacrifice a Mountain: Valleymaker deals 3 damage to target creature.
{T}, Sacrifice a Forest: Choose a player. That player adds {G}{G}{G}."	R	R	Shadowmoor	221	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Wort, the Raidmother"	4R/GR/G	6	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Wort, the Raidmother enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 red and green Goblin Warrior creature tokens.
Each red or green instant or sorcery spell you cast has conspire. (As you cast the spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose new targets for the copy.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	223	rare	Dave Allsop		
Spirit of the Hearth	4WW	6	Creature ? Cat Spirit	"Flying
You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Eventide	14	rare	Jason Chan		
Primalcrux	GGGGGG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Chroma ? Primalcrux's power and toughness are each equal to the number of green mana symbols in the mana costs of permanents you control."	G	G	Eventide	73	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Mindwrack Liege	3U/RU/RU/R	6	Creature ? Horror	"Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other red creatures you control get +1/+1.
{U/R}{U/R}{U/R}{U/R}: You may put a blue or red creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Eventide	104	rare	Richard Whitters		
Fable of Wolf and Owl	3G/UG/UG/U	6	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a green spell, you may create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
Whenever you cast a blue spell, you may create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying."	U	U	Eventide	150	rare	Heather Hudson		
Ward of Bones	6	6	Artifact	"Each opponent who controls more creatures than you can't cast creature spells. The same is true for artifacts and enchantments.
Each opponent who controls more lands than you can't play lands."			Eventide	174	rare	David Martin		
Sharding Sphinx	4UU	6	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever an artifact creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may create a 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature token with flying."	U	U	Shards of Alara	55	rare	Michael Bruinsma		
Salvage Titan	4BB	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"You may sacrifice three artifacts rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Exile three artifact cards from your graveyard: Return Salvage Titan from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Shards of Alara	84	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Tar Fiend	5B	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Tar Fiend enters the battlefield, target player discards a card for each creature it devoured."	B	B	Shards of Alara	89	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Vein Drinker	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
{R}, {T}: Vein Drinker deals damage equal to its power to target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Vein Drinker.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Vein Drinker this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Vein Drinker."	B	R	Shards of Alara	91	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Flameblast Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Flameblast Dragon attacks, you may pay {X}{R}. If you do, Flameblast Dragon deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Shards of Alara	100	rare	Jaime Jones		
Predator Dragon	3RRR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	109	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Broodmate Dragon	3BRG	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Broodmate Dragon enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Shards of Alara	160	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Realm Razer	3RGW	6	Creature ? Beast	"When Realm Razer enters the battlefield, exile all lands.
When Realm Razer leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to the battlefield tapped under their owners' control."	W	W	Shards of Alara	187	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
Extractor Demon	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Whenever another creature leaves the battlefield, you may have target player put the top two cards of their library into their graveyard.
Unearth {2}{B} ({2}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Conflux	44	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Paleoloth	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever another creature with power 5 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Conflux	88	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Meglonoth	3RGW	6	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance, trample
Whenever Meglonoth blocks a creature, Meglonoth deals damage to that creature's controller equal to Meglonoth's power."	W	W	Conflux	118	rare	Steve Prescott		
Obelisk of Alara	6	6	Artifact	"{1}{W}, {T}: You gain 5 life.
{1}{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
{1}{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
{1}{R}, {T}: Obelisk of Alara deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{1}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn."		W	Conflux	140	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Sovereigns of Lost Alara	4WU	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, you may search your library for an Aura card that could enchant that creature, put it onto the battlefield attached to that creature, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Alara Reborn	12	rare	Donato Giancola		
Deathbringer Thoctar	4BR	6	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"Whenever another creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Deathbringer Thoctar.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Deathbringer Thoctar: It deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Alara Reborn	36	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Necromancer's Covenant	3WBB	6	Enchantment	"When Necromancer's Covenant enters the battlefield, exile all creature cards from target player's graveyard, then create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token for each card exiled this way.
Zombies you control have lifelink."	W	W	Alara Reborn	82	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Celestial Mantle	3WWW	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, double its controller's life total."	W	W	Zendikar	6	rare	Steve Argyle		
Roil Elemental	3UUU	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain control of target creature for as long as you control Roil Elemental."	U	U	Zendikar	62	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Sphinx of Jwar Isle	4UU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
You may look at the top card of your library any time."	U	U	Zendikar	68	rare	Justin Sweet		
Hellkite Charger	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
Whenever Hellkite Charger attacks, you may pay {5}{R}{R}. If you do, untap all attacking creatures and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	R	R	Zendikar	131	rare	Jaime Jones		
Summoning Trap	4GG	6	Instant ? Trap	"If a creature spell you cast this turn was countered by a spell or ability an opponent controlled, you may pay {0} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Zendikar	184	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Mordant Dragon	3RRR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{1}{R}: Mordant Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever Mordant Dragon deals combat damage to a player, you may have it deal that much damage to target creature that player controls."	R	R	Worldwake	85	rare	Scott Chou		
Stone Idol Trap	5R	6	Instant ? Trap	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each attacking creature.
Create a 6/12 colorless Construct artifact creature token with trample. Exile it at the beginning of your next end step."	R	R	Worldwake	93	rare	Jung Park		
Deathless Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{W}{W}: Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	17	rare	Johann Bodin		
Conquering Manticore	4RR	6	Creature ? Manticore	"Flying
When Conquering Manticore enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	139	rare	Chris Rahn		
Keening Stone	6	6	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of cards in that player's graveyard."			Rise of the Eldrazi	219	rare	Jung Park		
Sunblast Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Sunblast Angel enters the battlefield, destroy all tapped creatures."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	22	rare	Jason Chan		
True Conviction	3WWW	6	Enchantment	Creatures you control have double strike and lifelink.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	25	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Carnifex Demon	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Carnifex Demon enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it.
{B}, Remove a -1/-1 counter from Carnifex Demon: Put a -1/-1 counter on each other creature."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	57	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Hoard-Smelter Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{3}{R}: Destroy target artifact. Hoard-Smelter Dragon gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that artifact's converted mana cost."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	93	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Argentum Armor	6	6	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +6/+6.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, destroy target permanent.
Equip {6}"			Scars of Mirrodin	137	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Contagion Engine	6	6	Artifact	"When Contagion Engine enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on each creature target player controls.
{4}, {T}: Proliferate, then proliferate again. (You choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of a kind already there. Then do it again.)"			Scars of Mirrodin	145	rare	Daarken		
Steel Hellkite	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{2}: Steel Hellkite gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{X}: Destroy each nonland permanent with converted mana cost X whose controller was dealt combat damage by Steel Hellkite this turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."			Scars of Mirrodin	205	rare	James Paick		
Knowledge Pool	6	6	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Knowledge Pool enters the battlefield, each player exiles the top three cards of their library.
Whenever a player casts a spell from their hand, that player exiles it. If the player does, they may cast another nonland card exiled with Knowledge Pool without paying that card's mana cost."			Mirrodin Besieged	111	rare	Mike Bierek		
Thopter Assembly	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control no Thopters other than Thopter Assembly, return Thopter Assembly to its owner's hand and create five 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying."			Mirrodin Besieged	140	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Moltensteel Dragon	4R/PR/P	6	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)
Flying
{R/P}: Moltensteel Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	New Phyrexia	88	rare	James Ryman		
Phyrexian Swarmlord	4GG	6	Creature ? Insect Horror	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token with infect for each poison counter your opponents have."	G	G	New Phyrexia	119	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Caged Sun	6	6	Artifact	"As Caged Sun enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Creatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1.
Whenever a land's ability causes you to add one or more mana of the chosen color, add one additional mana of that color."			New Phyrexia	132	rare	Scott Chou		
Omen Machine	6	6	Artifact	"Players can't draw cards.
At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player exiles the top card of their library. If it's a land card, the player puts it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, the player casts it without paying its mana cost if able."			New Phyrexia	148	rare	David Rapoza		
Soul Conduit	6	6	Artifact	"{6}, {T}: Two target players exchange life totals."			New Phyrexia	158	rare	Brad Rigney		
Dearly Departed	4WW	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
As long as Dearly Departed is in your graveyard, each Human creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Innistrad	9	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Back from the Brink	4UU	6	Enchantment	Exile a creature card from your graveyard and pay its mana cost: Create a token that's a copy of that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	U	U	Innistrad	44	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Rooftop Storm	5U	6	Enchantment	You may pay {0} rather than pay the mana cost for Zombie creature spells you cast.	U	U	Innistrad	71	rare	John Stanko		
Charmbreaker Devils	5R	6	Creature ? Devil	"At the beginning of your upkeep, return an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Charmbreaker Devils gets +4/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Innistrad	134	rare	Dan Scott		
Requiem Angel	5W	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever another non-Spirit creature you control dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Dark Ascension	18	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Geralf's Mindcrusher	4UU	6	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"When Geralf's Mindcrusher enters the battlefield, target player puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	37	rare	Steven Belledin		
Flayer of the Hatebound	5R	6	Creature ? Devil	"Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Whenever Flayer of the Hatebound or another creature enters the battlefield from your graveyard, that creature deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	Dark Ascension	89	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Feed the Pack	5G	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a nontoken creature. If you do, create X 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's toughness."	G	G	Dark Ascension	114	rare	Steve Prescott		
Deadeye Navigator	4UU	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Deadeye Navigator is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has ""{1}{U}: Exile this creature, then return it to the battlefield under your control."""	U	U	Avacyn Restored	47	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Infinite Reflection	5U	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Infinite Reflection enters the battlefield attached to a creature, each other nontoken creature you control becomes a copy of that creature.
Nontoken creatures you control enter the battlefield as a copy of enchanted creature."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	61	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Harvester of Souls	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Deathtouch
Whenever another nontoken creature dies, you may draw a card."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	107	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Palisade Giant	4WW	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	All damage that would be dealt to you and other permanents you control is dealt to Palisade Giant instead.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	15	rare	Greg Staples		
Conjured Currency	5U	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exchange control of Conjured Currency and target permanent you neither own nor control."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	33	rare	Steve Argyle		
Sphinx of the Chimes	4UU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Discard two nonland cards with the same name: Draw four cards."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	52	rare	Greg Staples		
Chaos Imps	4RR	6	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Chaos Imps has trample as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	90	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Guild Feud	5R	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent reveals the top three cards of their library, may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield, then puts the rest into their graveyard. You do the same with the top three cards of your library. If two creatures are put onto the battlefield this way, those creatures fight each other."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	97	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Death's Presence	5G	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control dies, put X +1/+1 counters on target creature you control, where X is the power of the creature that died."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	121	rare	Ryan Barger		
Carnival Hellsteed	4BR	6	Creature ? Nightmare Horse	"First strike, haste
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	147	rare	Chase Stone		
Collective Blessing	3GGW	6	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +3/+3.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	150	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Havoc Festival	4BR	6	Enchantment	"Players can't gain life.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player loses half their life, rounded up."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	166	rare	Johannes Voss		
Angelic Skirmisher	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
At the beginning of each combat, choose first strike, vigilance, or lifelink. Creatures you control gain that ability until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	3	rare	David Rapoza		
Foundry Champion	4RW	6	Creature ? Elemental Soldier	"When Foundry Champion enters the battlefield, it deals damage to any target equal to the number of creatures you control.
{R}: Foundry Champion gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{W}: Foundry Champion gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	165	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Rubblehulk	4RG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Rubblehulk's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.
Bloodrush ? {1}{R}{G}, Discard Rubblehulk: Target attacking creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of lands you control."	R	R	Gatecrash	191	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Treasury Thrull	4WB	6	Creature ? Thrull	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)
Whenever Treasury Thrull attacks, you may return target artifact, creature, or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Gatecrash	201	rare	Mark Zug		
Aetherling	4UU	6	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{U}: Exile Aetherling. Return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.
{U}: Aetherling can't be blocked this turn.
{1}: Aetherling gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{1}: Aetherling gets -1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	11	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Pontiff of Blight	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)
Other creatures you control have extort. (If a creature has multiple instances of extort, each triggers separately.)"	B	B	Dragon's Maze	27	rare	Seb McKinnon		
"Melek, Izzet Paragon"	4UR	6	Legendary Creature ? Weird Wizard	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
You may cast the top card of your library if it's an instant or sorcery card.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your library, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	84	rare	Jason Chan		
"Ruric Thar, the Unbowed"	4RG	6	Legendary Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Vigilance, reach
Ruric Thar, the Unbowed attacks each combat if able.
Whenever a player casts a noncreature spell, Ruric Thar deals 6 damage to that player."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	99	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Sire of Insanity	4BR	6	Creature ? Demon	"At the beginning of each end step, each player discards their hand."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	104	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Shipbreaker Kraken	4UU	6	Creature ? Kraken	"{6}{U}{U}: Monstrosity 4. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put four +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Shipbreaker Kraken becomes monstrous, tap up to four target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps for as long as you control Shipbreaker Kraken."	U	U	Theros	63	rare	Jack Wang		
Titan of Eternal Fire	5R	6	Creature ? Giant	"Each Human creature you control has ""{R}, {T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Theros	144	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Arbiter of the Ideal	4UU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Inspired ? Whenever Arbiter of the Ideal becomes untapped, reveal the top card of your library. If it's an artifact, creature, or land card, you may put it onto the battlefield with a manifestation counter on it. That permanent is an enchantment in addition to its other types."	U	U	Born of the Gods	31	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Forgestoker Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{1}{R}: Forgestoker Dragon deals 1 damage to target creature. That creature can't block this combat. Activate this ability only if Forgestoker Dragon is attacking."	R	R	Born of the Gods	98	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Nessian Wilds Ravager	4GG	6	Creature ? Hydra	"Tribute 6 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put six +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Nessian Wilds Ravager enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, you may have Nessian Wilds Ravager fight another target creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	G	G	Born of the Gods	129	rare	Richard Wright		
Hydra Broodmaster	4GG	6	Creature ? Hydra	"{X}{X}{G}: Monstrosity X. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put X +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Hydra Broodmaster becomes monstrous, create X X/X green Hydra creature tokens."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	128	rare	Steve Prescott		
Terra Stomper	3GGG	6	Creature ? Beast	"This spell can't be countered.
Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Zendikar	187	rare	Goran Josic		
Sphinx of Magosi	3UUU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
{2}{U}: Draw a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Sphinx of Magosi."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	89	rare	James Ryman		
Victory's Herald	3WWW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Victory's Herald attacks, attacking creatures gain flying and lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	18	rare	rk post		
Soul of the Harvest	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	195	rare	Eytan Zana		
Triskelion	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Triskelion enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Triskelion: It deals 1 damage to any target."			Mirrodin	269	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Looming Hoverguard	4UU	6	Creature ? Drone	"Flying
When Looming Hoverguard enters the battlefield, put target artifact on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Mirrodin	38	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Rustmouth Ogre	4RR	6	Creature ? Ogre	"Whenever Rustmouth Ogre deals combat damage to a player, you may destroy target artifact that player controls."	R	R	Mirrodin	103	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Goblin Dirigible	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Flying
Goblin Dirigible doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {4}. If you do, untap Goblin Dirigible."			Mirrodin	177	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Mirror Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Imprint ? When Mirror Golem enters the battlefield, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
Mirror Golem has protection from each of the exiled card's card types. (Artifact, creature, enchantment, instant, land, planeswalker, sorcery, and tribal are card types.)"			Mirrodin	208	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Arcbound Fiend	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Horror	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a +1/+1 counter from target creature onto Arcbound Fiend.
Modular 3 (This enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	96	uncommon	Ittoku		
Auriok Siege Sled	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"{1}: Target artifact creature blocks Auriok Siege Sled this turn if able.
{1}: Target artifact creature can't block Auriok Siege Sled this turn."			Darksteel	105	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Plasma Elemental	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	Plasma Elemental can't be blocked.	U	U	Fifth Dawn	34	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Iron-Barb Hellion	5R	6	Creature ? Hellion Beast	"Haste
Iron-Barb Hellion can't block."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	69	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Fangren Pathcutter	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Fangren Pathcutter attacks, attacking creatures gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	87	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Arachnoid	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)			Fifth Dawn	102	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Composite Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Sacrifice Composite Golem: Add {W}{U}{B}{R}{G}.		W	Fifth Dawn	111	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Kami of the Palace Fields	5W	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying, first strike
Soulshift 5 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 5 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	24	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Samurai Enforcers	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	42	uncommon	Mitch Cotie		
Sire of the Storm	4UU	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may draw a card."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	85	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Kami of Lunacy	4BB	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Soulshift 5 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 5 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	119	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Earthshaker	4RR	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Earthshaker deals 2 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	165	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Orbweaver Kumo	4GG	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Orbweaver Kumo gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	231	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Jetting Glasskite	4UU	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Jetting Glasskite becomes the target of a spell or ability for the first time each turn, counter that spell or ability."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	38	uncommon	Shishizaru		
Oni of Wild Places	5R	6	Creature ? Demon Spirit	"Haste
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a red creature you control to its owner's hand."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	108	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Auratouched Mage	5W	6	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Auratouched Mage enters the battlefield, search your library for an Aura card that could enchant it. If Auratouched Mage is still on the battlefield, put that Aura card onto the battlefield attached to it. Otherwise, reveal the Aura card and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	1	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Oathsworn Giant	4WW	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Vigilance
Other creatures you control get +0/+2 and have vigilance."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	27	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Ethereal Usher	5U	6	Creature ? Spirit	"{U}, {T}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.
Transmute {1}{U}{U} ({1}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	47	uncommon	Mark A. Nelson		
Netherborn Phalanx	5B	6	Creature ? Horror	"When Netherborn Phalanx enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life for each creature they control.
Transmute {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	99	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Vindictive Mob	4BB	6	Creature ? Human Berserker	"When Vindictive Mob enters the battlefield, sacrifice a creature.
Vindictive Mob can't be blocked by Saprolings."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	112	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Root-Kin Ally	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Tap two untapped creatures you control: Root-Kin Ally gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	180	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Drooling Groodion	3BBG	6	Creature ? Beast	"{2}{B}{G}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	204	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Pollenbright Wings	4GW	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, create that many 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	219	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Leashling	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Hound	Put a card from your hand on top of your library: Return Leashling to its owner's hand.			Ravnica: City of Guilds	265	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Harrier Griffin	5W	6	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, tap target creature."	W	W	Guildpact	9	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Exhumer Thrull	5B	6	Creature ? Thrull	"Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Exhumer Thrull enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Guildpact	50	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Paladin of Prahv	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Paladin of Prahv deals damage, you gain that much life.
Forecast ? {1}{W}, Reveal Paladin of Prahv from your hand: Whenever target creature deals damage this turn, you gain that much life. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Dissension	14	uncommon	William Simpson		
Simic Basilisk	4GG	6	Creature ? Basilisk Mutant	"Graft 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{1}{G}: Until end of turn, target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."""	G	G	Dissension	91	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Kjeldoran Gargoyle	5W	6	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying, first strike
Whenever Kjeldoran Gargoyle deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Coldsnap	10	uncommon	Marcelo Vignali		
Greater Stone Spirit	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Greater Stone Spirit can't be blocked by creatures with flying.
{2}{R}: Until end of turn, target creature gets +0/+2 and gains ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Coldsnap	84	uncommon	Yokota Katsumi		
Arctic Nishoba	5G	6	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Trample
Cumulative upkeep {G} or {W} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Arctic Nishoba dies, you gain 2 life for each age counter on it."	G	W	Coldsnap	102	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Deepfire Elemental	4BR	6	Creature ? Elemental	{X}{X}{1}: Destroy target artifact or creature with converted mana cost X.	R	R	Coldsnap	127	uncommon	Joel Thomas		
Phyrexian Snowcrusher	6	6	Snow Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Phyrexian Snowcrusher attacks each combat if able.
{1}{S}: Phyrexian Snowcrusher gets +1/+0 until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"			Coldsnap	140	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Duskrider Peregrine	5W	6	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, protection from black
Suspend 3?{1}{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{W} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	14	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Brine Elemental	4UU	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Morph {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Brine Elemental is turned face up, each opponent skips their next untap step."	U	U	Time Spiral	50	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Firemaw Kavu	5R	6	Creature ? Kavu	"Echo {5}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Firemaw Kavu enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target creature.
When Firemaw Kavu leaves the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Time Spiral	153	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Fury Sliver	5R	6	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have double strike.	R	R	Time Spiral	157	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Tectonic Fiend	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Echo {4}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
Tectonic Fiend attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Time Spiral	181	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Phantom Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm Spirit	"Phantom Wurm enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Wurm, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Wurm."	G	G	Time Spiral	211	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Jodah's Avenger	5U	6	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{0}: Until end of turn, Jodah's Avenger gets -1/-1 and gains your choice of double strike, protection from red, vigilance, or shadow. (A creature with shadow can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)"	U	U	Planar Chaos	42	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Enslave	4BB	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, enchanted creature deals 1 damage to its owner."	B	B	Planar Chaos	70	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Deadwood Treefolk	5G	6	Creature ? Treefolk	"Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Deadwood Treefolk enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Planar Chaos	126	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Thorntooth Witch	5B	6	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Whenever you cast a Treefolk spell, you may have target creature get +3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	144	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Spitebellows	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	"When Spitebellows leaves the battlefield, it deals 6 damage to target creature.
Evoke {1}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	R	R	Morningtide	105	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Orchard Warden	4GG	6	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Whenever another Treefolk creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain life equal to that creature's toughness."	G	G	Morningtide	131	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Deepchannel Mentor	5U	6	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	Blue creatures you control can't be blocked.	U	U	Shadowmoor	35	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Roughshod Mentor	5G	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	Green creatures you control have trample.	G	G	Shadowmoor	128	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Grief Tyrant	5B/R	6	Creature ? Horror	"Grief Tyrant enters the battlefield with four -1/-1 counters on it.
When Grief Tyrant dies, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature for each -1/-1 counter on Grief Tyrant."	R	R	Shadowmoor	189	uncommon	Izzy		
Impelled Giant	4RR	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Trample
Tap an untapped red creature you control other than Impelled Giant: Impelled Giant gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the power of the creature tapped this way."	R	R	Eventide	58	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Nucklavee	4U/RU/R	6	Creature ? Beast	"When Nucklavee enters the battlefield, you may return target red sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
When Nucklavee enters the battlefield, you may return target blue instant card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Eventide	110	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Bull Cerodon	4RW	6	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance, haste"	W	W	Shards of Alara	161	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Nacatl Hunt-Pride	5W	6	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Vigilance
{R}, {T}: Target creature can't block this turn.
{G}, {T}: Target creature blocks this turn if able."	W	W	Conflux	13	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Elder Mastery	3UBR	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has flying.
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to a player, that player discards two cards."	U	U	Conflux	104	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Skyward Eye Prophets	3GWU	6	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Vigilance
{T}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand."	W	W	Conflux	125	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Enlisted Wurm	4GW	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	68	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Dragon Appeasement	3BRG	6	Enchantment	"Skip your draw step.
Whenever you sacrifice a creature, you may draw a card."	R	R	Alara Reborn	115	uncommon	Paul Bonner		
Murasa Pyromancer	4RR	6	Creature ? Human Shaman Ally	"Whenever Murasa Pyromancer or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Murasa Pyromancer deal damage to target creature equal to the number of Allies you control."	R	R	Zendikar	139	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Runeflare Trap	4RR	6	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent drew three or more cards this turn, you may pay {R} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Runeflare Trap deals damage to target player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand."	R	R	Zendikar	146	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Baloth Woodcrasher	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Baloth Woodcrasher gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Zendikar	157	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Cobra Trap	4GG	6	Instant ? Trap	"If a noncreature permanent under your control was destroyed this turn by a spell or ability an opponent controlled, you may pay {G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Create four 1/1 green Snake creature tokens."	G	G	Zendikar	160	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Nemesis Trap	4BB	6	Instant ? Trap	"If a white creature is attacking, you may pay {B}{B} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Exile target attacking creature. Create a token that's a copy of that creature. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Worldwake	61	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Akoum Boulderfoot	4RR	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Akoum Boulderfoot enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	134	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Rapacious One	5R	6	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Trample
Whenever Rapacious One deals combat damage to a player, create that many 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	162	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Dreamstone Hedron	6	6	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Dreamstone Hedron: Draw three cards."			Rise of the Eldrazi	216	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Enatu Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When Enatu Golem dies, you gain 4 life."			Rise of the Eldrazi	217	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Volition Reins	3UUU	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
When Volition Reins enters the battlefield, if enchanted permanent is tapped, untap it.
You control enchanted permanent."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	53	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Corrupted Harvester	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Corrupted Harvester."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	59	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Ogre Geargrabber	4RR	6	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever Ogre Geargrabber attacks, gain control of target Equipment an opponent controls until end of turn. Attach it to Ogre Geargrabber. When you lose control of that Equipment, unattach it."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	99	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Darksteel Sentinel	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Vigilance
Indestructible (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this creature. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)"			Scars of Mirrodin	152	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Kuldotha Flamefiend	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"When Kuldotha Flamefiend enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, Kuldotha Flamefiend deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	69	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Lumengrid Gargoyle	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	Flying			Mirrodin Besieged	112	uncommon	Randis Albion		
Phyrexian Juggernaut	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Phyrexian Juggernaut attacks each combat if able."			Mirrodin Besieged	121	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Auriok Survivors	5W	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Auriok Survivors enters the battlefield, you may return target Equipment card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If you do, you may attach it to Auriok Survivors."	W	W	New Phyrexia	3	uncommon	James Ryman		
Exclusion Ritual	4WW	6	Enchantment	"Imprint ? When Exclusion Ritual enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent.
Players can't cast spells with the same name as the exiled card."	W	W	New Phyrexia	10	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Brutalizer Exarch	5G	6	Creature ? Cleric	"When Brutalizer Exarch enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
? Put target noncreature permanent on the bottom of its owner's library."	G	G	New Phyrexia	105	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Spinebiter	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
You may have Spinebiter assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked."	G	G	New Phyrexia	121	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Necropouncer	6	6	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +3/+1 and has haste.
Equip {2}"			New Phyrexia	147	uncommon	Cos Koniotis		
Skaab Goliath	5U	6	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile two creature cards from your graveyard.
Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	U	U	Innistrad	76	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Rage Thrower	5R	6	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever another creature dies, Rage Thrower deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Innistrad	157	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Geistcatcher's Rig	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Geistcatcher's Rig enters the battlefield, you may have it deal 4 damage to target creature with flying."			Innistrad	223	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Vengeful Vampire	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dark Ascension	78	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Markov Warlord	5R	6	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Haste
When Markov Warlord enters the battlefield, up to two target creatures can't block this turn."	R	R	Dark Ascension	97	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Gravetiller Wurm	5G	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
Morbid ? Gravetiller Wurm enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it if a creature died this turn."	G	G	Dark Ascension	116	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Goldnight Redeemer	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Goldnight Redeemer enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life for each other creature you control."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	23	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Maalfeld Twins	5B	6	Creature ? Zombie	"When Maalfeld Twins dies, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	112	uncommon	Mike Sass		
Gang of Devils	5R	6	Creature ? Devil	"When Gang of Devils dies, it deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	136	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Howlgeist	5G	6	Creature ? Spirit Wolf	"Creatures with power less than Howlgeist's power can't block it.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Avacyn Restored	182	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Vorstclaw	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental Horror		G	G	Avacyn Restored	201	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Skyline Predator	4UU	6	Creature ? Drake	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	50	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Zanikev Locust	5B	6	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Scavenge {2}{B}{B} ({2}{B}{B}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Return to Ravnica	84	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Rakdos Ringleader	4BR	6	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"First strike
Whenever Rakdos Ringleader deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card at random.
{B}: Regenerate Rakdos Ringleader."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	186	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Street Sweeper	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Street Sweeper attacks, destroy all Auras attached to target land."			Return to Ravnica	234	uncommon	Izzy		
Urbis Protector	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Urbis Protector enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying."	W	W	Gatecrash	27	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Sapphire Drake	5U	6	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying."	U	U	Gatecrash	47	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Smog Elemental	4BB	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Creatures with flying your opponents control get -1/-1."	B	B	Gatecrash	79	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Ripscale Predator	4RR	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Gatecrash	103	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Merfolk of the Depths	4G/UG/U	6	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)	U	U	Gatecrash	221	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Gleam of Battle	4RW	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	73	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Scab-Clan Giant	4RG	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Scab-Clan Giant enters the battlefield, it fights target creature an opponent controls chosen at random."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	101	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Evangel of Heliod	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Evangel of Heliod enters the battlefield, create a number of 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens equal to your devotion to white. (Each {W} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)"	W	W	Theros	11	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Nemesis of Mortals	4GG	6	Creature ? Snake	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
{7}{G}{G}: Monstrosity 5. This ability costs {1} less to activate for each creature card in your graveyard. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put five +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)"	G	G	Theros	163	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Archetype of Imagination	4UU	6	Enchantment Creature ? Human Wizard	"Creatures you control have flying.
Creatures your opponents control lose flying and can't have or gain flying."	U	U	Born of the Gods	32	uncommon	Robbie Trevino		
Archetype of Finality	4BB	6	Enchantment Creature ? Gorgon	"Creatures you control have deathtouch.
Creatures your opponents control lose deathtouch and can't have or gain deathtouch."	B	B	Born of the Gods	58	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Thunder Brute	4RR	6	Creature ? Cyclops	"Trample
Tribute 3 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put three +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Thunder Brute enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, it gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Born of the Gods	113	uncommon	Phill Simmer		
Pheres-Band Raiders	5G	6	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Inspired ? Whenever Pheres-Band Raiders becomes untapped, you may pay {2}{G}. If you do, create a 3/3 green Centaur enchantment creature token."	G	G	Born of the Gods	133	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Thoughtrender Lamia	4BB	6	Enchantment Creature ? Lamia	"Constellation ? Whenever Thoughtrender Lamia or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	85	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Cyclops of Eternal Fury	4RR	6	Enchantment Creature ? Cyclops	Creatures you control have haste.	R	R	Journey into Nyx	92	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Goldenhide Ox	5G	6	Enchantment Creature ? Ox	"Constellation ? Whenever Goldenhide Ox or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature must be blocked this turn if able."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	125	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Gold-Forged Sentinel	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Chimera	Flying			Journey into Nyx	161	uncommon	James Zapata		
"Sedris, the Traitor King"	3UBR	6	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Warrior	Each creature card in your graveyard has unearth {2}{B}. ({2}{B}: Return the card to the battlefield. The creature gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)	U	U	Shards of Alara	193	mythic	Paul Bonner		
Sharuum the Hegemon	3WUB	6	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Sharuum the Hegemon enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Shards of Alara	194	mythic	Izzy		
Mirror-Sigil Sergeant	5W	6	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a blue permanent, you may create a token that's a copy of Mirror-Sigil Sergeant."	W	W	Conflux	12	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Malfegor	2BBRR	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon Dragon	"Flying
When Malfegor enters the battlefield, discard your hand. Each opponent sacrifices a creature for each card discarded this way."	R	R	Conflux	117	mythic	Jason Chan		
Defiler of Souls	3BBR	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a monocolored creature."	R	R	Alara Reborn	37	mythic	Paul Bonner		
Dragon Broodmother	2RRRG	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/1 red and green Dragon creature token with flying and devour 2. (As the token enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. It enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	53	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Felidar Sovereign	4WW	6	Creature ? Cat Beast	"Vigilance, lifelink
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have 40 or more life, you win the game."	W	W	Zendikar	12	mythic	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Sorin Markov	3BBB	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sorin	"+2: Sorin Markov deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.
?3: Target opponent's life total becomes 10.
?7: You control target player during that player's next turn."	B	B	Zendikar	111	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Chandra Ablaze	4RR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Discard a card. If a red card is discarded this way, Chandra Ablaze deals 4 damage to any target.
?2: Each player discards their hand, then draws three cards.
?7: Cast any number of red instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard without paying their mana costs."	R	R	Zendikar	120	mythic	Steve Argyle		
Rampaging Baloths	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may create a 4/4 green Beast creature token."	G	G	Zendikar	178	mythic	Steve Prescott		
Eternity Vessel	6	6	Artifact	"Eternity Vessel enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it, where X is your life total.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have your life total become the number of charge counters on Eternity Vessel."			Zendikar	200	mythic	John Avon		
Admonition Angel	3WWW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may exile target nonland permanent other than Admonition Angel.
When Admonition Angel leaves the battlefield, return all cards exiled with it to the battlefield under their owners' control."	W	W	Worldwake	1	mythic	Steve Argyle		
"Wrexial, the Risen Deep"	3UUB	6	Legendary Creature ? Kraken	"Islandwalk, swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island or a Swamp.)
Whenever Wrexial, the Risen Deep deals combat damage to a player, you may cast target instant or sorcery card from that player's graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	U	U	Worldwake	120	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Hellcarver Demon	3BBB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Whenever Hellcarver Demon deals combat damage to a player, sacrifice all other permanents you control and discard your hand. Exile the top six cards of your library. You may cast any number of nonland cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	113	mythic	Greg Staples		
Nirkana Revenant	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire Shade	"Whenever you tap a Swamp for mana, add an additional {B}.
{B}: Nirkana Revenant gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	120	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
"Geth, Lord of the Vault"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Zombie	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
{X}{B}: Put target artifact or creature card with converted mana cost X from an opponent's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control tapped. Then that player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	64	mythic	Whit Brachna		
Wurmcoil Engine	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Wurm	"Deathtouch, lifelink
When Wurmcoil Engine dies, create a 3/3 colorless Wurm artifact creature token with deathtouch and a 3/3 colorless Wurm artifact creature token with lifelink."			Scars of Mirrodin	223	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Consecrated Sphinx	4UU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever an opponent draws a card, you may draw two cards."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	21	mythic	Mark Zug		
Massacre Wurm	3BBB	6	Creature ? Wurm	"When Massacre Wurm enters the battlefield, creatures your opponents control get -2/-2 until end of turn.
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, that player loses 2 life."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	46	mythic	Jason Chan		
Reaper from the Abyss	3BBB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Morbid ? At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, destroy target non-Demon creature."	B	B	Innistrad	112	mythic	Matt Stewart		
Essence of the Wild	3GGG	6	Creature ? Avatar	Creatures you control enter the battlefield as a copy of Essence of the Wild.	G	G	Innistrad	178	mythic	Terese Nielsen		
"Mikaeus, the Unhallowed"	3BBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Whenever a Human deals damage to you, destroy it.
Other non-Human creatures you control get +1/+1 and have undying. (When a creature with undying dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dark Ascension	70	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Moonveil Dragon	3RRR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Each creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Dark Ascension	99	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
"Bruna, Light of Alabaster"	3WWU	6	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
Whenever Bruna, Light of Alabaster attacks or blocks, you may attach to it any number of Auras on the battlefield and you may put onto the battlefield attached to it any number of Aura cards that could enchant it from your graveyard and/or hand."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	208	mythic	Winona Nelson		
Necropolis Regent	3BBB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put that many +1/+1 counters on it."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	71	mythic	Winona Nelson		
Armada Wurm	2GGWW	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Armada Wurm enters the battlefield, create a 5/5 green Wurm creature token with trample."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	143	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
"Isperia, Supreme Judge"	2WWUU	6	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, you may draw a card."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	171	mythic	Scott M. Fischer		
"Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius"	2UURR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius deals damage to a player, you may draw a card.
{U}{R}: Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius deals 1 damage to any target."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	183	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Hellkite Tyrant	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample
Whenever Hellkite Tyrant deals combat damage to a player, gain control of all artifacts that player controls.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control twenty or more artifacts, you win the game."	R	R	Gatecrash	94	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
"Aurelia, the Warleader"	2RRWW	6	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance, haste
Whenever Aurelia, the Warleader attacks for the first time each turn, untap all creatures you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	W	W	Gatecrash	143	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Deathpact Angel	3WBB	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Deathpact Angel dies, create a 1/1 white and black Cleric creature token. It has ""{3}{W}{B}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice this creature: Return a card named Deathpact Angel from your graveyard to the battlefield."""	W	W	Gatecrash	153	mythic	Jason Chan		
Prime Speaker Zegana	2GGUU	6	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Prime Speaker Zegana enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the greatest power among other creatures you control.
When Prime Speaker Zegana enters the battlefield, draw cards equal to its power."	U	U	Gatecrash	188	mythic	Willian Murai		
Deadbridge Chant	4BG	6	Enchantment	"When Deadbridge Chant enters the battlefield, put the top ten cards of your library into your graveyard.
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose a card at random in your graveyard. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	63	mythic	Zoltan Boros		
Progenitor Mimic	4GU	6	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Progenitor Mimic enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, if this creature isn't a token, create a token that's a copy of this creature."""	U	U	Dragon's Maze	92	mythic	Daarken		
"Elspeth, Sun's Champion"	4WW	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Elspeth	"+1: Create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.
?3: Destroy all creatures with power 4 or greater.
?7: You get an emblem with ""Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have flying."""	W	W	Theros	9	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Hythonia the Cruel	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Gorgon	"Deathtouch
{6}{B}{B}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Hythonia the Cruel becomes monstrous, destroy all non-Gorgon creatures."	B	B	Theros	91	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Medomai the Ageless	4WU	6	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever Medomai the Ageless deals combat damage to a player, take an extra turn after this one.
Medomai the Ageless can't attack during extra turns."	W	W	Theros	196	mythic	David Palumbo		
Champion of Stray Souls	4BB	6	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"{3}{B}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice X other creatures: Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield.
{5}{B}{B}: Put Champion of Stray Souls on top of your library from your graveyard."	B	B	Born of the Gods	63	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Apocalypse Hydra	XRG	2	Creature ? Hydra	"Apocalypse Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it. If X is 5 or more, it enters the battlefield with an additional X +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}{R}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Apocalypse Hydra: It deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Conflux	98	mythic	Jason Chan		
Warren Instigator	RR	2	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Double strike
Whenever Warren Instigator deals damage to an opponent, you may put a Goblin creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	R	R	Zendikar	154	mythic	Andrew Robinson		
Lotus Cobra	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may add one mana of any color."	G	G	Zendikar	168	mythic	Chippy		
"Tibalt, the Fiend-Blooded"	RR	2	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tibalt	"+1: Draw a card, then discard a card at random.
?4: Tibalt, the Fiend-Blooded deals damage equal to the number of cards in target player's hand to that player.
?6: Gain control of all creatures until end of turn. Untap them. They gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	161	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
Legion's Initiative	RW	2	Enchantment	"Red creatures you control get +1/+0.
White creatures you control get +0/+1.
{R}{W}, Exile Legion's Initiative: Exile all creatures you control. At the beginning of the next combat, return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control and those creatures gain haste until end of turn."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	81	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Savageborn Hydra	XRG	2	Creature ? Hydra	"Double strike
Savageborn Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}{R/G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Savageborn Hydra. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	100	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Voice of Resurgence	GW	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell during your turn or when Voice of Resurgence dies, create a green and white Elemental creature token with ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control."""	W	W	Dragon's Maze	114	mythic	Winona Nelson		
Sage of Hours	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Sage of Hours, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Remove all +1/+1 counters from Sage of Hours: For each five counters removed this way, take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	50	mythic	Matt Stewart		
Auriok Steelshaper	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Equip costs you pay cost {1} less.
As long as Auriok Steelshaper is equipped, each creature you control that's a Soldier or a Knight gets +1/+1."	W	W	Mirrodin	4	rare	Dany Orizio		
Loxodon Peacekeeper	1W	2	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"At the beginning of your upkeep, the player with the lowest life total gains control of Loxodon Peacekeeper. If two or more players are tied for lowest life total, you choose one of them, and that player gains control of Loxodon Peacekeeper."	W	W	Mirrodin	13	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Empyrial Plate	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin	168	rare	Paolo Parente		
Krark's Thumb	2	2	Legendary Artifact	"If you would flip a coin, instead flip two coins and ignore one."			Mirrodin	190	rare	Ron Spencer		
Leonin Sun Standard	2	2	Artifact	{1}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.		W	Mirrodin	194	rare	Jim Nelson		
Mesmeric Orb	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a permanent becomes untapped, that permanent's controller puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."			Mirrodin	204	rare	David Martin		
Psychogenic Probe	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a spell or ability causes a player to shuffle their library, Psychogenic Probe deals 2 damage to that player."			Mirrodin	231	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Scythe of the Wretched	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by equipped creature this turn dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control. Attach Scythe of the Wretched to that creature.
Equip {4}"			Mirrodin	239	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Leonin Shikari	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	You may activate equip abilities any time you could cast an instant.	W	W	Darksteel	6	rare	Wayne England		
"Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer"	1R	2	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Artificer	Sacrifice an artifact: Target artifact gains indestructible until end of turn.	R	R	Darksteel	69	rare	Kev Walker		
Viridian Zealot	GG	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Viridian Zealot: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Darksteel	90	rare	Kev Walker		
Arcbound Ravager	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"Sacrifice an artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on Arcbound Ravager.
Modular 1 (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	100	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Auriok Champion	WW	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from black and from red
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	3	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Artificer's Intuition	1U	2	Enchantment	"{U}, Discard an artifact card: Search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost 1 or less, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	23	rare	Wayne England		
Joiner Adept	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Lands you control have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Fifth Dawn	89	rare	Christopher Rush		
Doubling Cube	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Double the amount of each type of unspent mana you have."			Fifth Dawn	116	rare	Mark Tedin		
Eight-and-a-Half-Tails	WW	2	Legendary Creature ? Fox Cleric	"{1}{W}: Target permanent you control gains protection from white until end of turn.
{1}: Target spell or permanent becomes white until end of turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	8	rare	Daren Bader		
Sensei Golden-Tail	1W	2	Legendary Creature ? Fox Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{1}{W}, {T}: Put a training counter on target creature. That creature gains bushido 1 and becomes a Samurai in addition to its other creature types. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	44	rare	Stephen Tappin		
"Kiku, Night's Flower"	BB	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Assassin	"{2}{B}{B}, {T}: Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	121	rare	Jim Murray		
Journeyer's Kite	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Champions of Kamigawa	257	rare	Hiro Izawa		
Konda's Banner	2	2	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Konda's Banner can be attached only to a legendary creature.
Creatures that share a color with equipped creature get +1/+1.
Creatures that share a creature type with equipped creature get +1/+1.
Equip {2}"			Champions of Kamigawa	259	rare	Donato Giancola		
"Kentaro, the Smiling Cat"	1W	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
You may pay {X} rather than pay the mana cost for Samurai spells you cast, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	13	rare	Donato Giancola		
Shining Shoal	XWW	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You may exile a white card with converted mana cost X from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
The next X damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or creatures you control this turn is dealt to any target instead."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	21	rare	Ben Thompson		
Disrupting Shoal	XUU	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You may exile a blue card with converted mana cost X from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target spell if its converted mana cost is X."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	33	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Goryo's Vengeance	1B	2	Instant ? Arcane	"Return target legendary creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.
Splice onto Arcane {2}{B} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	67	rare	Ittoku		
Sickening Shoal	XBB	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You may exile a black card with converted mana cost X from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	82	rare	Dan Scott		
"Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot"	1R	2	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever an opponent casts a Spirit or Arcane spell, Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	110	rare	Christopher Rush		
Nourishing Shoal	XGG	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You may exile a green card with converted mana cost X from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
You gain X life."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	137	rare	Greg Staples		
Baku Altar	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may put a ki counter on Baku Altar.
{2}, {T}, Remove a ki counter from Baku Altar: Create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	152	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
"Kataki, War's Wage"	1W	2	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"All artifacts have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this artifact unless you pay {1}."""	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	14	rare	Matt Thompson		
Kami of the Crescent Moon	UU	2	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	42	rare	Darrell Riche		
Ashes of the Fallen	2	2	Artifact	"As Ashes of the Fallen enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Each creature card in your graveyard has the chosen creature type in addition to its other types."			Saviors of Kamigawa	152	rare	Dan Frazier		
Scroll of Origins	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Draw a card if you have seven or more cards in hand."			Saviors of Kamigawa	159	rare	Dany Orizio		
Flickerform	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{2}{W}{W}: Exile enchanted creature and all Auras attached to it. At the beginning of the next end step, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. If you do, return the other cards exiled this way to the battlefield under their owners' control attached to that creature."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	18	rare	Ron Spears		
Blood Funnel	1B	2	Enchantment	"Noncreature spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, counter that spell unless you sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	77	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Dark Confidant	1B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its converted mana cost."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	81	rare	Ron Spears		
Hunted Horror	BB	2	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
When Hunted Horror enters the battlefield, target opponent creates two 3/3 green Centaur creature tokens with protection from black."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	90	rare	Paolo Parente		
Vinelasher Kudzu	1G	2	Creature ? Plant	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Vinelasher Kudzu."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	189	rare	Mark Tedin		
Crown of Convergence	2	2	Artifact	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
As long as the top card of your library is a creature card, creatures you control that share a color with that card get +1/+1.
{G}{W}: Put the top card of your library on the bottom of your library."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	258	rare	Jen Page		
Hatching Plans	1U	2	Enchantment	"When Hatching Plans is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw three cards."	U	U	Guildpact	27	rare	Heather Hudson		
Pride of the Clouds	WU	2	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"Flying
Pride of the Clouds gets +1/+1 for each other creature with flying on the battlefield.
Forecast ? {2}{W}{U}, Reveal Pride of the Clouds from your hand: Create a 1/1 white and blue Bird creature token with flying. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Dissension	125	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Rain of Gore	BR	2	Enchantment	"If a spell or ability would cause its controller to gain life, that player loses that much life instead."	R	R	Dissension	126	rare	Fred Hooper		
Rakdos Riteknife	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 for each blood counter on Rakdos Riteknife and has ""{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Put a blood counter on Rakdos Riteknife.""
{B}{R}, Sacrifice Rakdos Riteknife: Target player sacrifices a permanent for each blood counter on Rakdos Riteknife.
Equip {2}"		R	Dissension	164	rare	Jim Nelson		
Braid of Fire	1R	2	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep?Add {R}. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	R	R	Coldsnap	78	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Serra Avenger	WW	2	Creature ? Angel	"You can't cast this spell during your first, second, or third turns of the game.
Flying
Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	40	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Nether Traitor	BB	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever another creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {B}. If you do, return Nether Traitor from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Time Spiral	120	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Thelon of Havenwood	GG	2	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	"Each Fungus creature gets +1/+1 for each spore counter on it.
{B}{G}, Exile a Fungus card from a graveyard: Put a spore counter on each Fungus on the battlefield."	G	G	Time Spiral	227	rare	Kev Walker		
Saffi Eriksdotter	GW	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Scout	"Sacrifice Saffi Eriksdotter: When target creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn, return that card to the battlefield."	W	W	Time Spiral	245	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Candles of Leng	2	2	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it has the same name as a card in your graveyard, put it into your graveyard. Otherwise, draw a card."			Time Spiral	250	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Hivestone	2	2	Artifact	Creatures you control are Slivers in addition to their other creature types.			Time Spiral	256	rare	Dave Allsop		
Magus of the Bazaar	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Draw two cards, then discard three cards."	U	U	Planar Chaos	43	rare	Rob Alexander		
Magus of the Library	GG	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have exactly seven cards in hand."	G	G	Planar Chaos	134	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Radha, Heir to Keld"	RG	2	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever Radha, Heir to Keld attacks, you may add {R}{R}.
{T}: Add {G}."	R	R	Planar Chaos	162	rare	Jim Murray		
Epochrasite	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Epochrasite enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it if you didn't cast it from your hand.
When Epochrasite dies, exile it with three time counters on it and it gains suspend. (At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast this card without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"			Future Sight	162	rare	Michael Bruinsma		
Favor of the Mighty	1W	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Giant	Each creature with the highest converted mana cost has protection from all colors.	W	W	Lorwyn	14	rare	Larry MacDougall		
Hoofprints of the Stag	1W	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Elemental	"Whenever you draw a card, you may put a hoofprint counter on Hoofprints of the Stag.
{2}{W}, Remove four hoofprint counters from Hoofprints of the Stag: Create a 4/4 white Elemental creature token with flying. Activate this ability only during your turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	21	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Militia's Pride	1W	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Kithkin	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control attacks, you may pay {W}. If you do, create a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token that's tapped and attacking."	W	W	Lorwyn	30	rare	Larry MacDougall		
Shapesharer	1U	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{2}{U}: Target Shapeshifter becomes a copy of target creature until your next turn."	U	U	Lorwyn	85	rare	Alan Pollack		
Oona's Prowler	1B	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Discard a card: Oona's Prowler gets -2/-0 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	B	B	Lorwyn	133	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Ashling the Pilgrim	1R	2	Legendary Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"{1}{R}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Ashling the Pilgrim. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, remove all +1/+1 counters from Ashling the Pilgrim, and it deals that much damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Lorwyn	149	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Ashling's Prerogative	1R	2	Enchantment	"As Ashling's Prerogative enters the battlefield, choose odd or even. (Zero is even.)
Each creature with converted mana cost of the chosen value has haste.
Each creature without converted mana cost of the chosen value enters the battlefield tapped."	R	R	Lorwyn	150	rare	Warren Mahy		
Eyes of the Wisent	1G	2	Tribal Enchantment ? Elemental	"Whenever an opponent casts a blue spell during your turn, you may create a 4/4 green Elemental creature token."	G	G	Lorwyn	210	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Trigon of Thought	5	5	Artifact	"Trigon of Thought enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{U}{U}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Trigon of Thought.
{2}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Trigon of Thought: Draw a card."		U	Scars of Mirrodin	217	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Corrupted Conscience	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature has infect. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	22	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Nested Ghoul	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Whenever a source deals damage to Nested Ghoul, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	48	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Melira's Keepers	4G	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	Melira's Keepers can't have counters put on it.	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	83	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Plaguemaw Beast	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	87	uncommon	Whit Brachna		
Strandwalker	5	5	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+4 and has reach.
Equip {4}"			Mirrodin Besieged	137	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Shattered Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, you may gain 3 life."	W	W	New Phyrexia	23	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Reaper of Sheoldred	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Whenever a source deals damage to Reaper of Sheoldred, that source's controller gets a poison counter."	B	B	New Phyrexia	72	uncommon	Stephan Martiniere		
Rage Extractor	4R/P	5	Artifact	"({R/P} can be paid with either {R} or 2 life.)
Whenever you cast a spell with {P} in its mana cost, Rage Extractor deals damage equal to that spell's converted mana cost to any target."	R	R	New Phyrexia	91	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Gallows Warden	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Other Spirit creatures you control get +0/+1."	W	W	Innistrad	16	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Battleground Geist	4U	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Other Spirit creatures you control get +1/+0."	U	U	Innistrad	45	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Murder of Crows	3UU	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever another creature dies, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Innistrad	70	uncommon	Drew Baker		
Bitterheart Witch	4B	5	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Deathtouch
When Bitterheart Witch dies, you may search your library for a Curse card, put it onto the battlefield attached to target player, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Innistrad	88	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Morkrut Banshee	3BB	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Morbid ? When Morkrut Banshee enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn."	B	B	Innistrad	110	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Scourge of Geier Reach	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental	Scourge of Geier Reach gets +1/+1 for each creature your opponents control.	R	R	Innistrad	162	uncommon	Jung Park		
Hollowhenge Scavenger	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Morbid ? When Hollowhenge Scavenger enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, you gain 5 life."	G	G	Innistrad	188	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Relentless Skaabs	3UU	5	Creature ? Zombie	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your graveyard.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	45	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Curse of Thirst	4B	5	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, Curse of Thirst deals damage to that player equal to the number of Curses attached to them."	B	B	Dark Ascension	57	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Farbog Boneflinger	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Farbog Boneflinger enters the battlefield, target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Dark Ascension	61	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Village Survivors	4G	5	Creature ? Human	"Vigilance
Fateful hour ? As long as you have 5 or less life, other creatures you control have vigilance."	G	G	Dark Ascension	130	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Commander's Authority	4W	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 white Human creature token."""	W	W	Avacyn Restored	13	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Homicidal Seclusion	4B	5	Enchantment	"As long as you control exactly one creature, that creature gets +3/+1 and has lifelink."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	108	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Marrow Bats	4B	5	Creature ? Bat Skeleton	"Flying
Pay 4 life: Regenerate Marrow Bats."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	113	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Yew Spirit	4G	5	Creature ? Spirit Treefolk	"{2}{G}{G}: Yew Spirit gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	207	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Bazaar Krovod	4W	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Bazaar Krovod attacks, another target attacking creature gets +0/+2 until end of turn. Untap that creature."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	7	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Sphere of Safety	4W	5	Enchantment	"Creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays {X} for each of those creatures, where X is the number of enchantments you control."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	24	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Pyroconvergence	4R	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, Pyroconvergence deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	103	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Gobbling Ooze	4G	5	Creature ? Ooze	"{G}, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Gobbling Ooze."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	126	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Rakdos Ragemutt	3BR	5	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"Lifelink, haste"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	185	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Debtor's Pulpit	4W	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Tap target creature."""	W	W	Gatecrash	10	uncommon	James Paick		
Guardian of the Gateless	4W	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Guardian of the Gateless can block any number of creatures.
Whenever Guardian of the Gateless blocks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature it's blocking."	W	W	Gatecrash	14	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Mindeye Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Mindeye Drake dies, target player puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Gatecrash	43	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Rust Scarab	4G	5	Creature ? Insect	"Whenever Rust Scarab becomes blocked, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment defending player controls."	G	G	Gatecrash	130	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Fortress Cyclops	3RW	5	Creature ? Cyclops Soldier	"Whenever Fortress Cyclops attacks, it gets +3/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever Fortress Cyclops blocks, it gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	164	uncommon	Maciej Kuciara		
Vizkopa Confessor	3WB	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)
When Vizkopa Confessor enters the battlefield, pay any amount of life. Target opponent reveals that many cards from their hand. You choose one of them and exile it."	W	W	Gatecrash	205	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Blaze Commando	3RW	5	Creature ? Minotaur Soldier	"Whenever an instant or sorcery spell you control deals damage, create two 1/1 red and white Soldier creature tokens with haste."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	56	uncommon	James Ryman		
Haunter of Nightveil	3UB	5	Creature ? Spirit	Creatures your opponents control get -1/-0.	U	U	Dragon's Maze	76	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Jelenn Sphinx	3WU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying, vigilance
Whenever Jelenn Sphinx attacks, other attacking creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	77	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Korozda Gorgon	3BG	5	Creature ? Gorgon	"Deathtouch
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	78	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Maw of the Obzedat	3WB	5	Creature ? Thrull	Sacrifice a creature: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	83	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Species Gorger	3GU	5	Creature ? Frog Beast	"At the beginning of your upkeep, return a creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	105	uncommon	Min Yum		
Decorated Griffin	4W	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{1}{W}: Prevent the next 1 combat damage that would be dealt to you this turn."	W	W	Theros	7	uncommon	Phill Simmer		
Sealock Monster	3UU	5	Creature ? Octopus	"Sealock Monster can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
{5}{U}{U}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Sealock Monster becomes monstrous, target land becomes an Island in addition to its other types."	U	U	Theros	62	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Keepsake Gorgon	3BB	5	Creature ? Gorgon	"Deathtouch
{5}{B}{B}: Monstrosity 1. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Keepsake Gorgon becomes monstrous, destroy target non-Gorgon creature an opponent controls."	B	B	Theros	93	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Stoneshock Giant	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant	"{6}{R}{R}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Stoneshock Giant becomes monstrous, creatures without flying your opponents control can't block this turn."	R	R	Theros	142	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Centaur Battlemaster	3GG	5	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Centaur Battlemaster, put three +1/+1 counters on Centaur Battlemaster."	G	G	Theros	154	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Kragma Warcaller	3BR	5	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Minotaur creatures you control have haste.
Whenever a Minotaur you control attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Theros	195	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Pharika's Mender	3BG	5	Creature ? Gorgon	"When Pharika's Mender enters the battlefield, you may return target creature or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Theros	197	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Sentry of the Underworld	3WB	5	Creature ? Griffin Skeleton	"Flying, vigilance
{W}{B}, Pay 3 life: Regenerate Sentry of the Underworld."	W	W	Theros	202	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Ornitharch	3WW	5	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
Tribute 2 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Ornitharch enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, create two 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying."	W	W	Born of the Gods	23	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Siren of the Fanged Coast	3UU	5	Creature ? Siren	"Flying
Tribute 3 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put three +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Siren of the Fanged Coast enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, gain control of target creature."	U	U	Born of the Gods	50	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Shrike Harpy	3BB	5	Creature ? Harpy	"Flying
Tribute 2 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Shrike Harpy enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, target opponent sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Born of the Gods	83	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Akroan Conscriptor	4R	5	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Akroan Conscriptor, gain control of another target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Born of the Gods	87	uncommon	James Ryman		
Nessian Demolok	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Tribute 3 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put three +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Nessian Demolok enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, destroy target noncreature permanent."	G	G	Born of the Gods	128	uncommon	Daarken		
Raised by Wolves	3GG	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Raised by Wolves enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Wolf you control."	G	G	Born of the Gods	135	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Whitewater Naiads	3UU	5	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Constellation ? Whenever Whitewater Naiads or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	58	uncommon	William Wu		
Knowledge and Power	4R	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you scry, you may pay {2}. If you do, Knowledge and Power deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	101	uncommon	Jung Park		
Wildfire Cerberus	4R	5	Creature ? Hound	"{5}{R}{R}: Monstrosity 1. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Wildfire Cerberus becomes monstrous, it deals 2 damage to each opponent and each creature your opponents control."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	116	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Nessian Game Warden	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"When Nessian Game Warden enters the battlefield, look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of Forests you control. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	132	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Fleetfeather Cockatrice	3GU	5	Creature ? Cockatrice	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying, deathtouch
{5}{G}{U}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)"	U	U	Journey into Nyx	149	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Tezzeret the Seeker	3UU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"+1: Untap up to two target artifacts.
?X: Search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost X or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.
?5: Artifacts you control become artifact creatures with base power and toughness 5/5 until end of turn."	U	U	Shards of Alara	60	mythic	Anthony Francisco		
Kresh the Bloodbraided	2BRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever another creature dies, you may put X +1/+1 counters on Kresh the Bloodbraided, where X is that creature's power."	R	R	Shards of Alara	178	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Lich's Mirror	5	5	Artifact	"If you would lose the game, instead shuffle your hand, your graveyard, and all permanents you own into your library, then draw seven cards and your life total becomes 20."			Shards of Alara	210	mythic	Ash Wood		
Ethersworn Adjudicator	4U	5	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Knight	"Flying
{1}{W}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature or enchantment.
{2}{U}: Untap Ethersworn Adjudicator."	U	W	Conflux	26	mythic	Dan Scott		
Thornling	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental Shapeshifter	"{G}: Thornling gains haste until end of turn.
{G}: Thornling gains trample until end of turn.
{G}: Thornling gains indestructible until end of turn.
{1}: Thornling gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{1}: Thornling gets -1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Conflux	95	mythic	Kev Walker		
Child of Alara	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	"Trample
When Child of Alara dies, destroy all nonland permanents. They can't be regenerated."	W	W	Conflux	101	mythic	Steve Argyle		
Maelstrom Archangel	WUBRG	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Maelstrom Archangel deals combat damage to a player, you may cast a nonland card from your hand without paying its mana cost."	W	W	Conflux	115	mythic	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Lord of Extinction	3BG	5	Creature ? Elemental	Lord of Extinction's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in all graveyards.	G	G	Alara Reborn	91	mythic	Izzy		
Sen Triplets	2WUB	5	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose target opponent. This turn, that player can't cast spells or activate abilities and plays with their hand revealed. You may play cards from that player's hand this turn."	W	W	Alara Reborn	109	mythic	Greg Staples		
"Uril, the Miststalker"	2RGW	5	Legendary Creature ? Beast	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Uril, the Miststalker gets +2/+2 for each Aura attached to it."	W	W	Alara Reborn	124	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Maelstrom Nexus	WUBRG	5	Enchantment	"The first spell you cast each turn has cascade. (When you cast your first spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	130	mythic	Steven Belledin		
"Ob Nixilis, the Fallen"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target player lose 3 life. If you do, put three +1/+1 counters on Ob Nixilis, the Fallen."	B	B	Zendikar	107	mythic	Jason Felix		
Eldrazi Monument	5	5	Artifact	"Creatures you control get +1/+1 and have flying and indestructible.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature. If you can't, sacrifice Eldrazi Monument."			Zendikar	199	mythic	Mark Tedin		
Gideon Jura	3WW	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"+2: During target opponent's next turn, creatures that player controls attack Gideon Jura if able.
?2: Destroy target tapped creature.
0: Until end of turn, Gideon Jura becomes a 6/6 Human Soldier creature that's still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	21	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Sarkhan the Mad	3BR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"0: Reveal the top card of your library and put it into your hand. Sarkhan the Mad deals damage to himself equal to that card's converted mana cost.
?2: Target creature's controller sacrifices it, then that player creates a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying.
?4: Each Dragon creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	214	mythic	Chippy		
Elspeth Tirel	3WW	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Elspeth	"+2: You gain 1 life for each creature you control.
?2: Create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.
?5: Destroy all other permanents except for lands and tokens."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	6	mythic	Michael Komarck		
"Skithiryx, the Blight Dragon"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Skeleton	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{B}: Skithiryx, the Blight Dragon gains haste until end of turn.
{B}{B}: Regenerate Skithiryx."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	79	mythic	Chippy		
"Venser, the Sojourner"	3WU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Venser	"+2: Exile target permanent you own. Return it to the battlefield under your control at the beginning of the next end step.
?1: Creatures can't be blocked this turn.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Whenever you cast a spell, exile target permanent."""	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	135	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Urabrask the Hidden	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Praetor	"Creatures you control have haste.
Creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	R	R	New Phyrexia	98	mythic	Brad Rigney		
Batterskull	5	5	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +4/+4 and has vigilance and lifelink.
{3}: Return Batterskull to its owner's hand.
Equip {5}"			New Phyrexia	130	mythic	Mark Zug		
Etched Monstrosity	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Etched Monstrosity enters the battlefield with five -1/-1 counters on it.
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}, Remove five -1/-1 counters from Etched Monstrosity: Target player draws three cards."		W	New Phyrexia	135	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Angelic Overseer	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
As long as you control a Human, Angelic Overseer has hexproof and indestructible."	W	W	Innistrad	3	mythic	Jason Chan		
Mirror-Mad Phantasm	3UU	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{1}{U}: Mirror-Mad Phantasm's owner shuffles it into their library. If that player does, they reveal cards from the top of that library until a card named Mirror-Mad Phantasm is revealed. The player puts that card onto the battlefield and all other cards revealed this way into their graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	68	mythic	Howard Lyon		
"Grimgrin, Corpse-Born"	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Grimgrin, Corpse-Born enters the battlefield tapped and doesn't untap during your untap step.
Sacrifice another creature: Untap Grimgrin and put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever Grimgrin attacks, destroy target creature defending player controls, then put a +1/+1 counter on Grimgrin."	U	U	Innistrad	214	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
Beguiler of Wills	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Gain control of target creature with power less than or equal to the number of creatures you control.	U	U	Dark Ascension	28	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Vorapede	2GGG	5	Creature ? Insect	"Vigilance, trample
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Dark Ascension	131	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Havengul Lich	3UB	5	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{1}: You may cast target creature card in a graveyard this turn. When you cast that card this turn, Havengul Lich gains all activated abilities of that card until end of turn."	U	U	Dark Ascension	139	mythic	James Ryman		
"Tamiyo, the Moon Sage"	3UU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tamiyo	"+1: Tap target permanent. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
?2: Draw a card for each tapped creature target player controls.
?8: You get an emblem with ""You have no maximum hand size"" and ""Whenever a card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, you may return it to your hand."""	U	U	Avacyn Restored	79	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Descent into Madness	3BB	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a despair counter on Descent into Madness, then each player exiles X permanents they control and/or cards from their hand, where X is the number of despair counters on Descent into Madness."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	97	mythic	Anthony Francisco		
Malignus	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Malignus's power and toughness are each equal to half the highest life total among your opponents, rounded up.
Damage that would be dealt by Malignus can't be prevented."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	148	mythic	Jung Park		
"Sigarda, Host of Herons"	2GWW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, hexproof
Spells and abilities your opponents control can't cause you to sacrifice permanents."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	210	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Vraska the Unseen	3BG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vraska	"+1: Until your next turn, whenever a creature deals combat damage to Vraska the Unseen, destroy that creature.
?3: Destroy target nonland permanent.
?7: Create three 1/1 black Assassin creature tokens with ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game."""	G	G	Return to Ravnica	208	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
"Obzedat, Ghost Council"	1WWBB	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit Advisor	"When Obzedat, Ghost Council enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
At the beginning of your end step, you may exile Obzedat. If you do, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of your next upkeep. It gains haste."	W	W	Gatecrash	182	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Blood Baron of Vizkopa	3WB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Lifelink, protection from white and from black
As long as you have 30 or more life and an opponent has 10 or less life, Blood Baron of Vizkopa gets +6/+6 and has flying."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	57	mythic	Anthony Palumbo		
Master of Cruelties	3BR	5	Creature ? Demon	"First strike, deathtouch
Master of Cruelties can only attack alone.
Whenever Master of Cruelties attacks a player and isn't blocked, that player's life total becomes 1. Master of Cruelties assigns no combat damage this combat."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	82	mythic	Chase Stone		
Stormbreath Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste, protection from white
{5}{R}{R}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Stormbreath Dragon becomes monstrous, it deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of cards in that player's hand."	R	R	Theros	143	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Underworld Cerberus	3BR	5	Creature ? Hound	"Underworld Cerberus can't be blocked except by three or more creatures.
Cards in graveyards can't be the targets of spells or abilities.
When Underworld Cerberus dies, exile it and each player returns all creature cards from their graveyard to their hand."	R	R	Theros	208	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Chromanticore	WUBRG	5	Enchantment Creature ? Manticore	"Bestow {2}{W}{U}{B}{R}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, lifelink
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4 and has flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, and lifelink."	W	W	Born of the Gods	144	mythic	Min Yum		
"Karametra, God of Harvests"	3GW	5	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to green and white is less than seven, Karametra isn't a creature.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Born of the Gods	148	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Phenax, God of Deception"	3UB	5	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to blue and black is less than seven, Phenax isn't a creature.
Creatures you control have ""{T}: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is this creature's toughness."""	U	U	Born of the Gods	152	mythic	Ryan Barger		
"Xenagos, God of Revels"	3RG	5	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red and green is less than seven, Xenagos isn't a creature.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, another target creature you control gains haste and gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is that creature's power."	R	R	Born of the Gods	156	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Ajani, Mentor of Heroes"	3GW	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+1: Distribute three +1/+1 counters among one, two, or three target creatures you control.
+1: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an Aura, creature, or planeswalker card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
?8: You gain 100 life."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	145	mythic	Aaron Miller		
"Keranos, God of Storms"	3UR	5	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to blue and red is less than seven, Keranos isn't a creature.
Reveal the first card you draw on each of your turns. Whenever you reveal a land card this way, draw a card. Whenever you reveal a nonland card this way, Keranos deals 3 damage to any target."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	151	mythic	Daarken		
"Kruphix, God of Horizons"	3GU	5	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to green and blue is less than seven, Kruphix isn't a creature.
You have no maximum hand size.
If you would lose unspent mana, that mana becomes colorless instead."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	152	mythic	Daarken		
"Bosh, Iron Golem"	8	8	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample
{3}{R}, Sacrifice an artifact: Bosh, Iron Golem deals damage equal to the sacrificed artifact's converted mana cost to any target."		R	Mirrodin	147	rare	Brom		
Liar's Pendulum	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Choose a card name. Target opponent guesses whether a card with that name is in your hand. You may reveal your hand. If you do and your opponent guessed wrong, draw a card."			Mirrodin	196	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Glimmervoid		0	Land	"At the beginning of the end step, if you control no artifacts, sacrifice Glimmervoid.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Mirrodin	281	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Arcbound Overseer	8	8	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature with modular you control.
Modular 6 (This enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	99	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Darksteel Colossus	11	11	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample, indestructible
If Darksteel Colossus would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Darksteel Colossus and shuffle it into its owner's library instead."			Darksteel	109	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Darksteel Forge	9	9	Artifact	"Artifacts you control have indestructible. (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them. Artifact creatures with indestructible can't be destroyed by damage.)"			Darksteel	110	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Blinkmoth Nexus		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}: Blinkmoth Nexus becomes a 1/1 Blinkmoth artifact creature with flying until end of turn. It's still a land.
{1}, {T}: Target Blinkmoth creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Darksteel	163	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Engineered Explosives	X	0	Artifact	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
{2}, Sacrifice Engineered Explosives: Destroy each nonland permanent with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Engineered Explosives."			Fifth Dawn	118	rare	Ron Spears		
Mycosynth Golem	11	11	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Artifact creature spells you cast have affinity for artifacts. (They cost {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)"			Fifth Dawn	137	rare	Paolo Parente		
Possessed Portal	8	8	Artifact	"If a player would draw a card, that player skips that draw instead.
At the beginning of each end step, each player sacrifices a permanent unless they discard a card."			Fifth Dawn	144	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Suncrusher	9	9	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
{4}, {T}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Suncrusher: Destroy target creature.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Suncrusher: Return Suncrusher to its owner's hand."			Fifth Dawn	159	rare	Dave Dorman		
Orochi Hatchery	XX	0	Artifact	"Orochi Hatchery enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
{5}, {T}: Create a 1/1 green Snake creature token for each charge counter on Orochi Hatchery."			Champions of Kamigawa	266	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
"Boseiju, Who Shelters All"		0	Legendary Land	"Boseiju, Who Shelters All enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Pay 2 life: Add {C}. If that mana is spent on an instant or sorcery spell, that spell can't be countered."			Champions of Kamigawa	273	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Eiganjo Castle		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {W}.
{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target legendary creature this turn."		W	Champions of Kamigawa	275	rare	Wayne England		
Forbidden Orchard		0	Land	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
Whenever you tap Forbidden Orchard for mana, target opponent creates a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token."			Champions of Kamigawa	276	rare	Dany Orizio		
Hall of the Bandit Lord		0	Legendary Land	"Hall of the Bandit Lord enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Pay 3 life: Add {C}. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it gains haste."			Champions of Kamigawa	277	rare	Paolo Parente		
"Minamo, School at Water's Edge"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {U}.
{U}, {T}: Untap target legendary permanent."		U	Champions of Kamigawa	279	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
"Okina, Temple to the Grandfathers"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {G}.
{G}, {T}: Target legendary creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."		G	Champions of Kamigawa	280	rare	Keith Garletts		
"Shinka, the Bloodsoaked Keep"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {R}.
{R}, {T}: Target legendary creature gains first strike until end of turn."		R	Champions of Kamigawa	282	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
"Shizo, Death's Storehouse"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {B}.
{B}, {T}: Target legendary creature gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"		B	Champions of Kamigawa	283	rare	John Matson		
"Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper"		0	Legendary Land	"Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Pay 2 life: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast legendary spells."			Champions of Kamigawa	285	rare	John Avon		
Tendo Ice Bridge		0	Land	"Tendo Ice Bridge enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Tendo Ice Bridge: Add one mana of any color."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	165	rare	Rob Alexander		
Pithing Needle	1	1	Artifact	"As Pithing Needle enters the battlefield, choose a card name.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can't be activated unless they're mana abilities."			Saviors of Kamigawa	158	rare	Pete Venters		
"Mikokoro, Center of the Sea"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Each player draws a card."			Saviors of Kamigawa	162	rare	John Avon		
"Miren, the Moaning Well"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."			Saviors of Kamigawa	163	rare	Rob Alexander		
"Oboro, Palace in the Clouds"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {U}.
{1}: Return Oboro, Palace in the Clouds to its owner's hand."		U	Saviors of Kamigawa	164	rare	Rob Alexander		
Tomb of Urami		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {B}. Tomb of Urami deals 1 damage to you if you don't control an Ogre.
{2}{B}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice all lands you control: Create a legendary 5/5 black Demon Spirit creature token with flying named Urami."		B	Saviors of Kamigawa	165	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Nullstone Gargoyle	9	9	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
Whenever the first noncreature spell of a turn is cast, counter that spell."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	266	rare	Glenn Fabry		
Moratorium Stone	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Exile target card from a graveyard.
{2}{W}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Moratorium Stone: Exile target nonland card from a graveyard, all other cards from graveyards with the same name as that card, and all permanents with that name."		W	Guildpact	154	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Pillar of the Paruns		0	Land	{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a multicolored spell.			Dissension	176	rare	Dany Orizio		
Scrying Sheets		0	Snow Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{S}, {T}: Look at the top card of your library. If that card is snow, you may reveal it and put it into your hand. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"			Coldsnap	149	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Lotus Bloom		0	Artifact	"Suspend 3?{0} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {0} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
{T}, Sacrifice Lotus Bloom: Add three mana of any one color."			Time Spiral	259	rare	Mark Zug		
Academy Ruins		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{U}, {T}: Put target artifact card from your graveyard on top of your library."		U	Time Spiral	269	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Flagstones of Trokair		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {W}.
When Flagstones of Trokair is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may search your library for a Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."		W	Time Spiral	272	rare	Rob Alexander		
Gemstone Caverns		0	Legendary Land	"If Gemstone Caverns is in your opening hand and you're not playing first, you may begin the game with Gemstone Caverns on the battlefield with a luck counter on it. If you do, exile a card from your hand.
{T}: Add {C}. If Gemstone Caverns has a luck counter on it, instead add one mana of any color."			Time Spiral	274	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Kher Keep		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{R}, {T}: Create a 0/1 red Kobold creature token named Kobolds of Kher Keep."		R	Time Spiral	275	rare	Paolo Parente		
Swarmyard		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Regenerate target Insect, Rat, Spider, or Squirrel."			Time Spiral	278	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Vesuva		0	Land	You may have Vesuva enter the battlefield tapped as a copy of any land on the battlefield.			Time Spiral	281	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
"Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth"		0	Legendary Land	Each land is a Swamp in addition to its other land types.			Planar Chaos	165	rare	John Avon		
Ancient Amphitheater		0	Land	"As Ancient Amphitheater enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Giant card from your hand. If you don't, Ancient Amphitheater enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Lorwyn	266	rare	Rob Alexander		
Auntie's Hovel		0	Land	"As Auntie's Hovel enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Goblin card from your hand. If you don't, Auntie's Hovel enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Lorwyn	267	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Gilt-Leaf Palace		0	Land	"As Gilt-Leaf Palace enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Elf card from your hand. If you don't, Gilt-Leaf Palace enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Lorwyn	268	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Howltooth Hollow		0	Land	"Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {B}.
{B}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if each player has no cards in hand."		B	Lorwyn	269	rare	John Howe (Lorywn)		
Mosswort Bridge		0	Land	"Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {G}.
{G}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if creatures you control have total power 10 or greater."		G	Lorwyn	270	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Secluded Glen		0	Land	"As Secluded Glen enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Faerie card from your hand. If you don't, Secluded Glen enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Lorwyn	271	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Shelldock Isle		0	Land	"Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {U}.
{U}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if a library has twenty or fewer cards in it."		U	Lorwyn	272	rare	Mark Tedin		
Spinerock Knoll		0	Land	"Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {R}.
{R}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if an opponent was dealt 7 or more damage this turn."		R	Lorwyn	274	rare	Steve Prescott		
Wanderwine Hub		0	Land	"As Wanderwine Hub enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Merfolk card from your hand. If you don't, Wanderwine Hub enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Lorwyn	280	rare	Warren Mahy		
Windbrisk Heights		0	Land	"Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {W}.
{W}, {T}: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if you attacked with three or more creatures this turn."		W	Lorwyn	281	rare	Omar Rayyan		
Murmuring Bosk		0	Land ? Forest	"({T}: Add {G}.)
As Murmuring Bosk enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Treefolk card from your hand. If you don't, Murmuring Bosk enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}. Murmuring Bosk deals 1 damage to you."		W	Morningtide	147	rare	John Avon		
Mutavault		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}: Mutavault becomes a 2/2 creature with all creature types until end of turn. It's still a land."			Morningtide	148	rare	Fred Fields		
Primal Beyond		0	Land	"As Primal Beyond enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Elemental card from your hand. If you don't, Primal Beyond enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast an Elemental spell or activate an ability of an Elemental."			Morningtide	149	rare	Mark Tedin		
Rustic Clachan		0	Land	"As Rustic Clachan enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Kithkin card from your hand. If you don't, Rustic Clachan enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
Reinforce 1?{1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.)"		W	Morningtide	150	rare	Fred Fields		
Fire-Lit Thicket		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{R/G}, {T}: Add {R}{R}, {R}{G}, or {G}{G}."		R	Shadowmoor	271	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Graven Cairns		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{B/R}, {T}: Add {B}{B}, {B}{R}, or {R}{R}."		R	Shadowmoor	272	rare	Rob Alexander		
Mystic Gate		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{W/U}, {T}: Add {W}{W}, {W}{U}, or {U}{U}."		W	Shadowmoor	277	rare	Fred Fields		
Reflecting Pool		0	Land	{T}: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.			Shadowmoor	278	rare	Fred Fields		
Sunken Ruins		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{U/B}, {T}: Add {U}{U}, {U}{B}, or {B}{B}."		U	Shadowmoor	280	rare	Warren Mahy		
Wooded Bastion		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{G/W}, {T}: Add {G}{G}, {G}{W}, or {W}{W}."		W	Shadowmoor	281	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Cascade Bluffs		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{U/R}, {T}: Add {U}{U}, {U}{R}, or {R}{R}."		U	Eventide	175	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Fetid Heath		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{W/B}, {T}: Add {W}{W}, {W}{B}, or {B}{B}."		W	Eventide	176	rare	Daarken		
Flooded Grove		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{G/U}, {T}: Add {G}{G}, {G}{U}, or {U}{U}."		U	Eventide	177	rare	Dave Kendall		
Rugged Prairie		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{R/W}, {T}: Add {R}{R}, {R}{W}, or {W}{W}."		W	Eventide	178	rare	Fred Fields		
Springjack Pasture		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}: Create a 0/1 white Goat creature token.
{T}, Sacrifice X Goats: Add X mana of any one color. You gain X life."			Eventide	179	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Twilight Mire		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{B/G}, {T}: Add {B}{B}, {B}{G}, or {G}{G}."		G	Eventide	180	rare	Rob Alexander		
Sigil of Distinction	X	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Sigil of Distinction enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each charge counter on Sigil of Distinction.
Equip?Remove a charge counter from Sigil of Distinction."			Shards of Alara	219	rare	Alan Pollack		
Exotic Orchard		0	Land	{T}: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.			Conflux	142	rare	Steven Belledin		
Blade of the Bloodchief	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever a creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature. If equipped creature is a Vampire, put two +1/+1 counters on it instead.
Equip {1}"			Zendikar	196	rare	Jung Park		
Arid Mesa		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Arid Mesa: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Zendikar	211	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Crypt of Agadeem		0	Land	"Crypt of Agadeem enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
{2}, {T}: Add {B} for each black creature card in your graveyard."		B	Zendikar	212	rare	Jason Felix		
"Emeria, the Sky Ruin"		0	Land	"Emeria, the Sky Ruin enters the battlefield tapped.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control seven or more Plains, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Zendikar	213	rare	Jaime Jones		
"Magosi, the Waterveil"		0	Land	"Magosi, the Waterveil enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
{U}, {T}: Put an eon counter on Magosi, the Waterveil. Skip your next turn.
{T}, Remove an eon counter from Magosi, the Waterveil and return it to its owner's hand: Take an extra turn after this one."		U	Zendikar	218	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Marsh Flats		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Marsh Flats: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Zendikar	219	rare	Izzy		
Misty Rainforest		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Misty Rainforest: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Zendikar	220	rare	Shelly Wan		
"Oran-Rief, the Vastwood"		0	Land	"Oran-Rief, the Vastwood enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on each green creature that entered the battlefield this turn."		G	Zendikar	221	rare	Mike Bierek		
Scalding Tarn		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Scalding Tarn: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Zendikar	223	rare	Philip Straub		
"Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle"		0	Land	"Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle enters the battlefield tapped.
Whenever a Mountain enters the battlefield under your control, if you control at least five other Mountains, you may have Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle deal 3 damage to any target.
{T}: Add {R}."		R	Zendikar	228	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Verdant Catacombs		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Verdant Catacombs: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Zendikar	229	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Amulet of Vigor	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a permanent enters the battlefield tapped and under your control, untap it."			Worldwake	121	rare	Warren Mahy		
Basilisk Collar	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has deathtouch and lifelink.
Equip {2}"			Worldwake	122	rare	Howard Lyon		
Celestial Colonnade		0	Land	"Celestial Colonnade enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}.
{3}{W}{U}: Until end of turn, Celestial Colonnade becomes a 4/4 white and blue Elemental creature with flying and vigilance. It's still a land."		W	Worldwake	133	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Creeping Tar Pit		0	Land	"Creeping Tar Pit enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}.
{1}{U}{B}: Creeping Tar Pit becomes a 3/2 blue and black Elemental creature until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn. It's still a land."		U	Worldwake	134	rare	Jason Felix		
Lavaclaw Reaches		0	Land	"Lavaclaw Reaches enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}.
{1}{B}{R}: Until end of turn, Lavaclaw Reaches becomes a 2/2 black and red Elemental creature with ""{X}: This creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn."" It's still a land."		R	Worldwake	139	rare	Vronique Meignaud		
Raging Ravine		0	Land	"Raging Ravine enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}.
{2}{R}{G}: Until end of turn, Raging Ravine becomes a 3/3 red and green Elemental creature with ""Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it."" It's still a land."		R	Worldwake	141	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Stirring Wildwood		0	Land	"Stirring Wildwood enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}.
{1}{G}{W}: Until end of turn, Stirring Wildwood becomes a 3/4 green and white Elemental creature with reach. It's still a land."		W	Worldwake	144	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Eldrazi Conscription	8	8	Tribal Enchantment ? Eldrazi Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +10/+10 and has trample and annihilator 2. (Whenever it attacks, defending player sacrifices two permanents.)"			Rise of the Eldrazi	3	rare	Jaime Jones		
It That Betrays	12	12	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Annihilator 2 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices two permanents.)
Whenever an opponent sacrifices a nontoken permanent, put that card onto the battlefield under your control."			Rise of the Eldrazi	7	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Spawnsire of Ulamog	10	10	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)
{4}: Create two 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}.""
{20}: Cast any number of Eldrazi cards you own from outside the game without paying their mana costs."			Rise of the Eldrazi	11	rare	Izzy		
Eldrazi Temple		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast colorless Eldrazi spells or activate abilities of colorless Eldrazi."			Rise of the Eldrazi	227	rare	James Paick		
Chimeric Mass	X	0	Artifact	"Chimeric Mass enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
{1}: Until end of turn, Chimeric Mass becomes a Construct artifact creature with ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of charge counters on it."""			Scars of Mirrodin	141	rare	David Palumbo		
Blackcleave Cliffs		0	Land	"Blackcleave Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Scars of Mirrodin	224	rare	Dave Kendall		
Copperline Gorge		0	Land	"Copperline Gorge enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Scars of Mirrodin	225	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Darkslick Shores		0	Land	"Darkslick Shores enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Scars of Mirrodin	226	rare	Charles Urbach		
Razorverge Thicket		0	Land	"Razorverge Thicket enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Scars of Mirrodin	228	rare	James Paick		
Seachrome Coast		0	Land	"Seachrome Coast enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Scars of Mirrodin	229	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Contested War Zone		0	Land	"Whenever a creature deals combat damage to you, that creature's controller gains control of Contested War Zone.
{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn."			Mirrodin Besieged	144	rare	Scott Chou		
Inkmoth Nexus		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}: Inkmoth Nexus becomes a 1/1 Blinkmoth artifact creature with flying and infect until end of turn. It's still a land. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"			Mirrodin Besieged	145	rare	Jung Park		
Hex Parasite	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"{X}{B/P}: Remove up to X counters from target permanent. For each counter removed this way, Hex Parasite gets +1/+0 until end of turn. ({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)"		B	New Phyrexia	137	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Gavony Township		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{G}{W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."		W	Innistrad	239	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Kessig Wolf Run		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{X}{R}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +X/+0 and gains trample until end of turn."		R	Innistrad	243	rare	Eytan Zana		
Moorland Haunt		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{W}{U}, {T}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."		W	Innistrad	244	rare	James Paick		
Nephalia Drownyard		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{U}{B}, {T}: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."		U	Innistrad	245	rare	Cliff Childs		
Stensia Bloodhall		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}{B}{R}, {T}: Stensia Bloodhall deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."		R	Innistrad	247	rare	John Avon		
Grafdigger's Cage	1	1	Artifact	"Creature cards in graveyards and libraries can't enter the battlefield.
Players can't cast spells from graveyards or libraries."			Dark Ascension	149	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Grim Backwoods		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{B}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card."		G	Dark Ascension	156	rare	Vincent Proce		
Vault of the Archangel		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{W}{B}, {T}: Creatures you control gain deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn."		W	Dark Ascension	158	rare	John Avon		
Alchemist's Refuge		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{G}{U}, {T}: You may cast spells this turn as though they had flash."		U	Avacyn Restored	225	rare	Dan Scott		
Cavern of Souls		0	Land	"As Cavern of Souls enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type, and that spell can't be countered."			Avacyn Restored	226	rare	Cliff Childs		
Desolate Lighthouse		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{U}{R}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."		U	Avacyn Restored	227	rare	Scott Chou		
Slayers' Stronghold		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{R}{W}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains vigilance and haste until end of turn."		W	Avacyn Restored	229	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Grove of the Guardian		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}{G}{W}, {T}, Tap two untapped creatures you control, Sacrifice Grove of the Guardian: Create an 8/8 green and white Elemental creature token with vigilance."		W	Return to Ravnica	240	rare	Christine Choi		
Glaring Spotlight	1	1	Artifact	"Creatures your opponents control with hexproof can be the targets of spells and abilities you control as though they didn't have hexproof.
{3}, Sacrifice Glaring Spotlight: Creatures you control gain hexproof until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."			Gatecrash	229	rare	Adam Paquette		
Thespian's Stage		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Thespian's Stage becomes a copy of target land, except it has this ability."			Gatecrash	248	rare	John Avon		
Colossus of Akros	8	8	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Defender, indestructible
{10}: Monstrosity 10. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put ten +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Colossus of Akros is monstrous, it has trample and can attack as though it didn't have defender."			Theros	214	rare	Zack Stella		
Pyxis of Pandemonium	1	1	Artifact	"{T}: Each player exiles the top card of their library face down.
{7}, {T}, Sacrifice Pyxis of Pandemonium: Each player turns face up all cards they own exiled with Pyxis of Pandemonium, then puts all permanent cards among them onto the battlefield."			Theros	220	rare	David Palumbo		
"Nykthos, Shrine to Nyx"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Choose a color. Add an amount of mana of that color equal to your devotion to that color. (Your devotion to a color is the number of mana symbols of that color in the mana costs of permanents you control.)"			Theros	223	rare	Jung Park		
Temple of Abandon		0	Land	"Temple of Abandon enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Abandon enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Theros	224	rare	Mike Bierek		
Temple of Deceit		0	Land	"Temple of Deceit enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Deceit enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Theros	225	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Astral Cornucopia	XXX	0	Artifact	"Astral Cornucopia enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
{T}: Choose a color. Add one mana of that color for each charge counter on Astral Cornucopia."			Born of the Gods	157	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Temple of Enlightenment		0	Land	"Temple of Enlightenment enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Enlightenment enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Born of the Gods	163	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Temple of Malice		0	Land	"Temple of Malice enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Malice enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Born of the Gods	164	rare	Sam Burley		
Temple of Plenty		0	Land	"Temple of Plenty enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Plenty enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Born of the Gods	165	rare	Noah Bradley		
Mana Confluence		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color."			Journey into Nyx	163	rare	Richard Wright		
Dead-Iron Sledge	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, destroy both creatures.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	162	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Golem-Skin Gauntlets	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 for each Equipment attached to it.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	181	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Myr Mindservant	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"{2}, {T}: Shuffle your library."			Mirrodin	213	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Synod Sanctum	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Exile target permanent you control.
{2}, Sacrifice Synod Sanctum: Return all cards exiled with Synod Sanctum to the battlefield under your control."			Mirrodin	252	uncommon	Dana Knutson		
Tel-Jilad Stylus	1	1	Artifact	{T}: Put target permanent you own on the bottom of your library.			Mirrodin	260	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Blinkmoth Well		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Tap target noncreature artifact."			Mirrodin	279	uncommon	David Martin		
Stalking Stones		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{6}: Stalking Stones becomes a 3/3 Elemental artifact creature that's still a land. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Mirrodin	284	uncommon	David Day		
Aether Vial	1	1	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a charge counter on Aether Vial.
{T}: You may put a creature card with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Aether Vial from your hand onto the battlefield."			Darksteel	91	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Mirrodin's Core		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Put a charge counter on Mirrodin's Core.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Mirrodin's Core: Add one mana of any color."			Darksteel	165	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Avarice Totem	1	1	Artifact	{5}: Exchange control of Avarice Totem and target nonland permanent.			Fifth Dawn	104	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Chimeric Coils	1	1	Artifact	{X}{1}: Chimeric Coils becomes an X/X Construct artifact creature. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.			Fifth Dawn	108	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Lantern of Insight	1	1	Artifact	"Players play with the top card of their libraries revealed.
{T}, Sacrifice Lantern of Insight: Target player shuffles their library."			Fifth Dawn	135	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Paradise Mantle	0	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color.""
Equip {1}"			Fifth Dawn	142	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Hankyu	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}: Put an aim counter on Hankyu"" and ""{T}, Remove all aim counters from Hankyu: This creature deals damage to any target equal to the number of aim counters removed this way.""
Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Champions of Kamigawa	253	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Cloudcrest Lake		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}. Cloudcrest Lake doesn't untap during your next untap step."		W	Champions of Kamigawa	274	uncommon	John Avon		
Lantern-Lit Graveyard		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}. Lantern-Lit Graveyard doesn't untap during your next untap step."		R	Champions of Kamigawa	278	uncommon	John Avon		
Pinecrest Ridge		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}. Pinecrest Ridge doesn't untap during your next untap step."		R	Champions of Kamigawa	281	uncommon	John Avon		
Tranquil Garden		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}. Tranquil Garden doesn't untap during your next untap step."		W	Champions of Kamigawa	284	uncommon	John Avon		
Waterveil Cavern		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}. Waterveil Cavern doesn't untap during your next untap step."		U	Champions of Kamigawa	286	uncommon	John Avon		
Blinding Powder	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""Unattach Blinding Powder: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to this creature this turn.""
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Betrayers of Kamigawa	153	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Shuko	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Equip {0} ({0}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Betrayers of Kamigawa	159	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Shuriken	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}, Unattach Shuriken: Shuriken deals 2 damage to target creature. That creature's controller gains control of Shuriken unless it was unattached from a Ninja.""
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Betrayers of Kamigawa	160	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
"Gods' Eye, Gate to the Reikai"		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
When Gods' Eye, Gate to the Reikai is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	164	uncommon	John Avon		
O-Naginata	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"O-Naginata can be attached only to a creature with power 3 or greater.
Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and has trample.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Saviors of Kamigawa	157	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Peregrine Mask	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has defender, flying, and first strike.
Equip {2}"			Ravnica: City of Guilds	268	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Voyager Staff	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, Sacrifice Voyager Staff: Exile target creature. Return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	274	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
"Duskmantle, House of Shadow"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{U}{B}, {T}: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."		U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	277	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{R}{W}, {T}: Target creature gains double strike until end of turn."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	282	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Svogthos, the Restless Tomb"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}{B}{G}: Until end of turn, Svogthos, the Restless Tomb becomes a black and green Plant Zombie creature with ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard."" It's still a land."		G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	283	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{G}{W}, {T}: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	285	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Nivix, Aerie of the Firemind"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{U}{R}, {T}: Exile the top card of your library. Until your next turn, you may cast that card if it's an instant or sorcery card."		U	Guildpact	160	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Orzhova, the Church of Deals"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}{W}{B}, {T}: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."		W	Guildpact	162	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Skarrg, the Rage Pits"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{R}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn."		R	Guildpact	163	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Ghost Quarter		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Ghost Quarter: Destroy target land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library."			Dissension	173	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
"Novijen, Heart of Progress"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{G}{U}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature that entered the battlefield this turn."		U	Dissension	175	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Prahv, Spires of Order"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}{W}{U}, {T}: Prevent all damage a source of your choice would deal this turn."		W	Dissension	177	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
"Rix Maadi, Dungeon Palace"		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{B}{R}, {T}: Each player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."		R	Dissension	179	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Mishra's Bauble	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Mishra's Bauble: Look at the top card of target player's library. Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."			Coldsnap	138	uncommon	Chippy		
Arctic Flats		0	Snow Land	"Arctic Flats enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Coldsnap	143	uncommon	John Avon		
Boreal Shelf		0	Snow Land	"Boreal Shelf enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Coldsnap	144	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Frost Marsh		0	Snow Land	"Frost Marsh enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Coldsnap	146	uncommon	Jim Pavelec		
Highland Weald		0	Snow Land	"Highland Weald enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Coldsnap	147	uncommon	John Avon		
Mouth of Ronom		0	Snow Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}{S}, {T}, Sacrifice Mouth of Ronom: It deals 4 damage to target creature. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"			Coldsnap	148	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Tresserhorn Sinks		0	Snow Land	"Tresserhorn Sinks enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Coldsnap	150	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Locket of Yesterdays	1	1	Artifact	Spells you cast cost {1} less to cast for each card with the same name as that spell in your graveyard.			Time Spiral	258	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Calciform Pools		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Calciform Pools.
{1}, Remove X storage counters from Calciform Pools: Add X mana in any combination of {W} and/or {U}."		W	Time Spiral	270	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Dreadship Reef		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Dreadship Reef.
{1}, Remove X storage counters from Dreadship Reef: Add X mana in any combination of {U} and/or {B}."		U	Time Spiral	271	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Fungal Reaches		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Fungal Reaches.
{1}, Remove X storage counters from Fungal Reaches: Add X mana in any combination of {R} and/or {G}."		R	Time Spiral	273	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Molten Slagheap		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Molten Slagheap.
{1}, Remove X storage counters from Molten Slagheap: Add X mana in any combination of {B} and/or {R}."		R	Time Spiral	276	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Saltcrusted Steppe		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Saltcrusted Steppe.
{1}, Remove X storage counters from Saltcrusted Steppe: Add X mana in any combination of {G} and/or {W}."		W	Time Spiral	277	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Urza's Factory		0	Land ? Urza?s	"{T}: Add {C}.
{7}, {T}: Create a 2/2 colorless Assembly-Worker artifact creature token."			Time Spiral	280	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Dakmor Salvage		0	Land	"Dakmor Salvage enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"		B	Future Sight	169	uncommon	John Avon		
Keldon Megaliths		0	Land	"Keldon Megaliths enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
Hellbent ? {1}{R}, {T}: Keldon Megaliths deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only if you have no cards in hand."		R	Future Sight	170	uncommon	Philip Straub		
Llanowar Reborn		0	Land	"Llanowar Reborn enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
Graft 1 (This land enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this land onto it.)"		G	Future Sight	171	uncommon	Philip Straub		
New Benalia		0	Land	"New Benalia enters the battlefield tapped.
When New Benalia enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Future Sight	172	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Tolaria West		0	Land	"Tolaria West enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
Transmute {1}{U}{U} ({1}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with converted mana cost 0, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"		U	Future Sight	173	uncommon	Khang Le		
Vivid Crag		0	Land	"Vivid Crag enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.
{T}: Add {R}.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Crag: Add one mana of any color."		R	Lorwyn	275	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Vivid Creek		0	Land	"Vivid Creek enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.
{T}: Add {U}.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Creek: Add one mana of any color."		U	Lorwyn	276	uncommon	Fred Fields		
Vivid Grove		0	Land	"Vivid Grove enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Grove: Add one mana of any color."		G	Lorwyn	277	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Vivid Marsh		0	Land	"Vivid Marsh enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.
{T}: Add {B}.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Marsh: Add one mana of any color."		B	Lorwyn	278	uncommon	John Avon		
Vivid Meadow		0	Land	"Vivid Meadow enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.
{T}: Add {W}.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Meadow: Add one mana of any color."		W	Lorwyn	279	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Heap Doll	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	Sacrifice Heap Doll: Exile target card from a graveyard.			Shadowmoor	253	uncommon	John Avon		
Leechridden Swamp		0	Land ? Swamp	"({T}: Add {B}.)
Leechridden Swamp enters the battlefield tapped.
{B}, {T}: Each opponent loses 1 life. Activate this ability only if you control two or more black permanents."		B	Shadowmoor	273	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Madblind Mountain		0	Land ? Mountain	"({T}: Add {R}.)
Madblind Mountain enters the battlefield tapped.
{R}, {T}: Shuffle your library. Activate this ability only if you control two or more red permanents."		R	Shadowmoor	274	uncommon	Fred Fields		
Mistveil Plains		0	Land ? Plains	"({T}: Add {W}.)
Mistveil Plains enters the battlefield tapped.
{W}, {T}: Put target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library. Activate this ability only if you control two or more white permanents."		W	Shadowmoor	275	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Moonring Island		0	Land ? Island	"({T}: Add {U}.)
Moonring Island enters the battlefield tapped.
{U}, {T}: Look at the top card of target player's library. Activate this ability only if you control two or more blue permanents."		U	Shadowmoor	276	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Sapseep Forest		0	Land ? Forest	"({T}: Add {G}.)
Sapseep Forest enters the battlefield tapped.
{G}, {T}: You gain 1 life. Activate this ability only if you control two or more green permanents."		G	Shadowmoor	279	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Arcane Sanctum		0	Land	"Arcane Sanctum enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}, {U}, or {B}."		W	Shards of Alara	220	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Crumbling Necropolis		0	Land	"Crumbling Necropolis enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}, {B}, or {R}."		U	Shards of Alara	222	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Jungle Shrine		0	Land	"Jungle Shrine enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}, {G}, or {W}."		W	Shards of Alara	226	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Savage Lands		0	Land	"Savage Lands enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}, {R}, or {G}."		R	Shards of Alara	228	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Seaside Citadel		0	Land	"Seaside Citadel enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}, {W}, or {U}."		W	Shards of Alara	229	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Ancient Ziggurat		0	Land	{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell.			Conflux	141	uncommon	John Avon		
Unstable Frontier		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Target land you control becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn."			Conflux	145	uncommon	John Avon		
Trusty Machete	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Equip {2}"			Zendikar	209	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Akoum Refuge		0	Land	"Akoum Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.
When Akoum Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Zendikar	210	uncommon	Fred Fields		
Graypelt Refuge		0	Land	"Graypelt Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.
When Graypelt Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Zendikar	214	uncommon	Philip Straub		
Jwar Isle Refuge		0	Land	"Jwar Isle Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.
When Jwar Isle Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Zendikar	215	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Kazandu Refuge		0	Land	"Kazandu Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.
When Kazandu Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Zendikar	217	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Sejiri Refuge		0	Land	"Sejiri Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.
When Sejiri Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Zendikar	224	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Everflowing Chalice	0	0	Artifact	"Multikicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Everflowing Chalice enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each time it was kicked.
{T}: Add {C} for each charge counter on Everflowing Chalice."			Worldwake	123	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Dread Statuary		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}: Dread Statuary becomes a 4/2 Golem artifact creature until end of turn. It's still a land."			Worldwake	135	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Tectonic Edge		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Tectonic Edge: Destroy target nonbasic land. Activate this ability only if an opponent controls four or more lands."			Worldwake	145	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Artisan of Kozilek	9	9	Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Annihilator 2 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices two permanents.)"			Rise of the Eldrazi	2	uncommon	Jason Felix		
"Kozilek, Butcher of Truth"	10	10	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, draw four cards.
Annihilator 4 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices four permanents.)
When Kozilek, Butcher of Truth is put into a graveyard from anywhere, its owner shuffles their graveyard into their library."			Rise of the Eldrazi	6	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Pathrazer of Ulamog	11	11	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Annihilator 3 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices three permanents.)
Pathrazer of Ulamog can't be blocked except by three or more creatures."			Rise of the Eldrazi	9	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
"Ulamog, the Infinite Gyre"	11	11	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, destroy target permanent.
Indestructible
Annihilator 4 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices four permanents.)
When Ulamog, the Infinite Gyre is put into a graveyard from anywhere, its owner shuffles their graveyard into their library."			Rise of the Eldrazi	12	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Infiltration Lens	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature becomes blocked by a creature, you may draw two cards.
Equip {1}"			Scars of Mirrodin	167	uncommon	Izzy		
Memnite	0	0	Artifact Creature ? Construct				Scars of Mirrodin	174	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Mox Opal	0	0	Legendary Artifact	Metalcraft ? {T}: Add one mana of any color. Activate this ability only if you control three or more artifacts.			Scars of Mirrodin	179	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Platinum Emperion	8	8	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Your life total can't change. (You can't gain or lose life. You can't pay any amount of life except 0.)			Scars of Mirrodin	193	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Blightsteel Colossus	12	12	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample, infect, indestructible
If Blightsteel Colossus would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Blightsteel Colossus and shuffle it into its owner's library instead."			Mirrodin Besieged	99	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Signal Pest	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Pest	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
Signal Pest can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach."			Mirrodin Besieged	131	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Darksteel Relic	0	0	Artifact	"Indestructible (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this artifact.)"			New Phyrexia	134	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Surge Node	1	1	Artifact	"Surge Node enters the battlefield with six charge counters on it.
{1}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Surge Node: Put a charge counter on target artifact."			New Phyrexia	160	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Phyrexia's Core		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice an artifact: You gain 1 life."			New Phyrexia	165	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Silver-Inlaid Dagger	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
As long as equipped creature is a Human, it gets an additional +1/+0.
Equip {2}"			Innistrad	233	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Avacyn's Collar	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has vigilance.
Whenever equipped creature dies, if it was a Human, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
Equip {2}"			Dark Ascension	145	uncommon	James Paick		
Wolfhunter's Quiver	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target"" and ""{T}: This creature deals 3 damage to target Werewolf creature.""
Equip {5}"			Dark Ascension	154	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Civic Saber	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 for each of its colors.
Equip {1}"			Return to Ravnica	227	uncommon	Jung Park		
Codex Shredder	1	1	Artifact	"{T}: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.
{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Codex Shredder: Return target card from your graveyard to your hand."			Return to Ravnica	228	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Rogue's Passage		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn."			Return to Ravnica	245	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Maze's End		0	Land	"Maze's End enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{3}, {T}, Return Maze's End to its owner's hand: Search your library for a Gate card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. If you control ten or more Gates with different names, you win the game."			Dragon's Maze	152	mythic	Cliff Childs		
Flamecast Wheel	1	1	Artifact	"{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Flamecast Wheel: It deals 3 damage to target creature."			Theros	215	uncommon	Jasper Sandner		
Witches' Eye	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{1}, {T}: Scry 1."" (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
Equip {1}"			Theros	222	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Gorgon's Head	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has deathtouch.
Equip {2}"			Born of the Gods	158	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Broodstar	8UU	10	Creature ? Beast	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Flying
Broodstar's power and toughness are each equal to the number of artifacts you control."	U	U	Mirrodin	31	rare	Glen Angus		
Reiver Demon	4BBBB	8	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Reiver Demon enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, destroy all nonartifact, nonblack creatures. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Mirrodin	75	rare	Brom		
Mass Hysteria	R	1	Enchantment	All creatures have haste.	R	R	Mirrodin	99	rare	Adam Rex		
Living Hive	6GG	8	Creature ? Elemental Insect	"Trample
Whenever Living Hive deals combat damage to a player, create that many 1/1 green Insect creature tokens."	G	G	Mirrodin	124	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Chromescale Drake	6UUU	9	Creature ? Drake	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Flying
When Chromescale Drake enters the battlefield, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all artifact cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard."	U	U	Darksteel	20	rare	Ben Thompson		
Furnace Dragon	6RRR	9	Creature ? Dragon	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Flying
When Furnace Dragon enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, exile all artifacts."	R	R	Darksteel	62	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Bringer of the White Dawn	7WW	9	Creature ? Bringer	"You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	7	rare	Kev Walker		
Bringer of the Blue Dawn	7UU	9	Creature ? Bringer	"You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may draw two cards."	U	W	Fifth Dawn	26	rare	Greg Staples		
Hoverguard Sweepers	6UU	8	Creature ? Drone	"Flying
When Hoverguard Sweepers enters the battlefield, you may return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands."	U	U	Fifth Dawn	32	rare	Mark A. Nelson		
Qumulox	6UU	8	Creature ? Beast	"Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Flying"	U	U	Fifth Dawn	35	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Bringer of the Black Dawn	7BB	9	Creature ? Bringer	"You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 2 life. If you do, search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	B	W	Fifth Dawn	43	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Bringer of the Red Dawn	7RR	9	Creature ? Bringer	"You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	W	Fifth Dawn	62	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Bringer of the Green Dawn	7GG	9	Creature ? Bringer	"You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may create a 3/3 green Beast creature token."	G	W	Fifth Dawn	83	rare	Jim Murray		
"Isamaru, Hound of Konda"	W	1	Legendary Creature ? Hound		W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	19	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Myojin of Cleansing Fire	5WWW	8	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Myojin of Cleansing Fire enters the battlefield with a divinity counter on it if you cast it from your hand.
Myojin of Cleansing Fire has indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it.
Remove a divinity counter from Myojin of Cleansing Fire: Destroy all other creatures."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	35	rare	Kev Walker		
Myojin of Seeing Winds	7UUU	10	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Myojin of Seeing Winds enters the battlefield with a divinity counter on it if you cast it from your hand.
Myojin of Seeing Winds has indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it.
Remove a divinity counter from Myojin of Seeing Winds: Draw a card for each permanent you control."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	75	rare	Kev Walker		
The Unspeakable	6UUU	9	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying, trample
Whenever The Unspeakable deals combat damage to a player, you may return target Arcane card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	98	rare	Khang Le		
"Kuro, Pitlord"	6BBB	9	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Kuro, Pitlord unless you pay {B}{B}{B}{B}.
Pay 1 life: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	123	rare	Jon Foster		
Myojin of Night's Reach	5BBB	8	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Myojin of Night's Reach enters the battlefield with a divinity counter on it if you cast it from your hand.
Myojin of Night's Reach has indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it.
Remove a divinity counter from Myojin of Night's Reach: Each opponent discards their hand."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	126	rare	Kev Walker		
Myojin of Infinite Rage	7RRR	10	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Myojin of Infinite Rage enters the battlefield with a divinity counter on it if you cast it from your hand.
Myojin of Infinite Rage has indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it.
Remove a divinity counter from Myojin of Infinite Rage: Destroy all lands."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	181	rare	Kev Walker		
Myojin of Life's Web	6GGG	9	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Myojin of Life's Web enters the battlefield with a divinity counter on it if you cast it from your hand.
Myojin of Life's Web has indestructible as long as it has a divinity counter on it.
Remove a divinity counter from Myojin of Life's Web: Put any number of creature cards from your hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	229	rare	Kev Walker		
Thousand-legged Kami	6GG	8	Creature ? Spirit	"Soulshift 7 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 7 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	246	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Empty-Shrine Kannushi	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	Empty-Shrine Kannushi has protection from the colors of permanents you control.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	2	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Genju of the Fields	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Plains
{2}: Until end of turn, enchanted Plains becomes a 2/5 white Spirit creature with ""Whenever this creature deals damage, its controller gains that much life."" It's still a land.
When enchanted Plains is put into a graveyard, you may return Genju of the Fields from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	5	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Genju of the Falls	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Island
{2}: Enchanted Island becomes a 3/2 blue Spirit creature with flying until end of turn. It's still a land.
When enchanted Island is put into a graveyard, you may return Genju of the Falls from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	35	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Genju of the Fens	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Swamp
{2}: Until end of turn, enchanted Swamp becomes a 2/2 black Spirit creature with ""{B}: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."" It's still a land.
When enchanted Swamp is put into a graveyard, you may return Genju of the Fens from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	66	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Nezumi Shadow-Watcher	B	1	Creature ? Rat Warrior	Sacrifice Nezumi Shadow-Watcher: Destroy target Ninja.	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	74	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Genju of the Spires	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Mountain
{2}: Enchanted Mountain becomes a 6/1 red Spirit creature until end of turn. It's still a land.
When enchanted Mountain is put into a graveyard, you may return Genju of the Spires from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	105	uncommon	Joel Thomas		
Body of Jukai	7GG	9	Creature ? Spirit	"Trample
Soulshift 8 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 8 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	121	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Genju of the Cedars	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Forest
{2}: Enchanted Forest becomes a 4/4 green Spirit creature until end of turn. It's still a land.
When enchanted Forest is put into a graveyard, you may return Genju of the Cedars from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	126	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Patron of the Orochi	6GG	8	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Snake offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a Snake and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed Snake. Mana cost includes color.)
{T}: Untap all Forests and all green creatures. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	138	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Ghost-Lit Redeemer	W	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{W}, {T}: You gain 2 life.
Channel ? {1}{W}, Discard Ghost-Lit Redeemer: You gain 4 life."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	10	uncommon	Shishizaru		
Pure Intentions	W	1	Instant ? Arcane	"Whenever a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard cards this turn, return those cards from your graveyard to your hand.
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Pure Intentions, return Pure Intentions from your graveyard to your hand at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	25	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Evermind		0	Instant ? Arcane	"(Nonexistent mana costs can't be paid.)
Draw a card.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	37	uncommon	Matt Thompson		
Trusted Advisor	U	1	Creature ? Human Advisor	"Your maximum hand size is increased by two.
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a blue creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	59	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Ghost-Lit Stalker	B	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{4}{B}, {T}: Target player discards two cards. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
Channel ? {5}{B}{B}, Discard Ghost-Lit Stalker: Target player discards four cards. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	69	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Godo's Irregulars	R	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	{R}: Godo's Irregulars deals 1 damage to target creature blocking it.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	101	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
"Sekki, Seasons' Guide"	5GGG	8	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Sekki, Seasons' Guide enters the battlefield with eight +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Sekki, prevent that damage, remove that many +1/+1 counters from Sekki, and create that many 1/1 colorless Spirit creature tokens.
Sacrifice eight Spirits: Return Sekki from your graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	148	rare	Kev Walker		
Iname as One	8BBGG	12	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"When Iname as One enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, you may search your library for a Spirit permanent card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.
When Iname as One dies, you may exile it. If you do, return target Spirit permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	151	rare	Stephen Tappin		
Blazing Archon	6WWW	9	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
Creatures can't attack you."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	4	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Grozoth	6UUU	9	Creature ? Leviathan	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Grozoth enters the battlefield, you may search your library for any number of cards that have converted mana cost 9, reveal them, and put them into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.
{4}: Grozoth loses defender until end of turn.
Transmute {1}{U}{U} ({1}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	53	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Mark of Eviction	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, return enchanted creature and all Auras attached to that creature to their owners' hands."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	58	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Excruciator	6RR	8	Creature ? Avatar	Damage that would be dealt by Excruciator can't be prevented.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	121	rare	Paolo Parente		
Goliath Spider	6GG	8	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	168	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Autochthon Wurm	10GGGWW	15	Creature ? Wurm	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Trample"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	191	rare	Michael Phillippi		
Chorus of the Conclave	4GGWW	8	Legendary Creature ? Dryad	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
As an additional cost to cast creature spells, you may pay any amount of mana. If you do, that creature enters the battlefield with that many additional +1/+1 counters on it."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	195	rare	Brian Despain		
Mindleech Mass	5UBB	8	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
Whenever Mindleech Mass deals combat damage to a player, you may look at that player's hand. If you do, you may cast a nonland card in it without paying that card's mana cost."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	215	rare	Kev Walker		
"Razia, Boros Archangel"	4RRWW	8	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance, haste
{T}: The next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature you control this turn is dealt to another target creature instead."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	223	rare	Donato Giancola		
Sisters of Stone Death	4BBGG	8	Legendary Creature ? Gorgon	"{G}: Target creature blocks Sisters of Stone Death this turn if able.
{B}{G}: Exile target creature blocking or blocked by Sisters of Stone Death.
{2}{B}: Put a creature card exiled with Sisters of Stone Death onto the battlefield under your control."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	231	rare	Donato Giancola		
Martyred Rusalka	W	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{W}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature can't attack this turn."	W	W	Guildpact	12	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Order of the Stars	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
As Order of the Stars enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Order of the Stars has protection from the chosen color."	W	W	Guildpact	13	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Shadow Lance	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has first strike.
{1}{B}: Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Guildpact	14	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Drowned Rusalka	U	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{U}, Sacrifice a creature: Discard a card, then draw a card."	U	U	Guildpact	24	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Sanguine Praetor	6BB	8	Creature ? Avatar Praetor	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy each creature with the same converted mana cost as the sacrificed creature."	B	B	Guildpact	60	rare	rk post		
Living Inferno	6RR	8	Creature ? Elemental	{T}: Living Inferno deals damage equal to its power divided as you choose among any number of target creatures. Each of those creatures deals damage equal to its power to Living Inferno.	R	R	Guildpact	69	rare	John Avon		
Starved Rusalka	G	1	Creature ? Spirit	"{G}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life."	G	G	Guildpact	97	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Blessing of the Nephilim	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each of its colors."	W	W	Dissension	4	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Tidespout Tyrant	5UUU	8	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Whenever you cast a spell, return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Dissension	34	rare	Dany Orizio		
Slithering Shade	B	1	Creature ? Shade	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{B}: Slithering Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Hellbent ? Slithering Shade can attack as though it didn't have defender as long as you have no cards in hand."	B	B	Dissension	55	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Lightning Serpent	XR	1	Creature ? Elemental Serpent	"Trample, haste
Lightning Serpent enters the battlefield with X +1/+0 counters on it.
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Lightning Serpent."	R	R	Coldsnap	88	rare	John Avon		
Deep-Sea Kraken	7UUU	10	Creature ? Kraken	"Deep-Sea Kraken can't be blocked.
Suspend 9?{2}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{U} and exile it with nine time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if Deep-Sea Kraken is suspended, remove a time counter from it."	U	U	Time Spiral	56	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Liege of the Pit	5BBB	8	Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature other than Liege of the Pit. If you can't, Liege of the Pit deals 7 damage to you.
Morph {B}{B}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	113	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Bogardan Hellkite	6RR	8	Creature ? Dragon	"Flash
Flying
When Bogardan Hellkite enters the battlefield, it deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets."	R	R	Time Spiral	147	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Greater Gargadon	9R	10	Creature ? Beast	"Suspend 10?{R}
Sacrifice an artifact, creature, or land: Remove a time counter from Greater Gargadon. Activate this ability only if Greater Gargadon is suspended."	R	R	Time Spiral	161	rare	Rob Alexander		
Magus of the Scroll	R	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{3}, {T}: Choose a card name, then reveal a card at random from your hand. If that card has the chosen name, Magus of the Scroll deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Time Spiral	169	rare	Greg Staples		
Norin the Wary	R	1	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"When a player casts a spell or a creature attacks, exile Norin the Wary. Return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Time Spiral	171	rare	Heather Hudson		
Magus of the Candelabra	G	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{X}, {T}: Untap X target lands."	G	G	Time Spiral	203	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Porphyry Nodes	W	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy the creature with the least power. It can't be regenerated. If two or more creatures are tied for least power, you choose one of them.
When there are no creatures on the battlefield, sacrifice Porphyry Nodes."	W	W	Planar Chaos	28	rare	Alan Pollack		
Timebender	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Timebender is turned face up, choose one ?
? Remove two time counters from target permanent or suspended card.
? Put two time counters on target permanent with a time counter on it or suspended card."	U	U	Planar Chaos	50	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
"Akroma, Angel of Fury"	5RRR	8	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"This spell can't be countered.
Flying, trample, protection from white and from blue
{R}: Akroma, Angel of Fury gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Morph {3}{R}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Planar Chaos	94	rare	Daren Bader		
Keen Sense	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	G	G	Planar Chaos	152	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Angel of Salvation	6WW	8	Creature ? Angel	"Flash; convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Flying
When Angel of Salvation enters the battlefield, prevent the next 5 damage that would be dealt this turn to any number of targets, divided as you choose."	W	W	Future Sight	1	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Maelstrom Djinn	7U	8	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Maelstrom Djinn is turned face up, put two time counters on it and it gains vanishing. (At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)"	U	U	Future Sight	39	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
Scourge of Kher Ridges	6RR	8	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{1}{R}: Scourge of Kher Ridges deals 2 damage to each creature without flying.
{5}{R}: Scourge of Kher Ridges deals 6 damage to each other creature with flying."	R	R	Future Sight	107	rare	Daren Bader		
Llanowar Mentor	G	1	Creature ? Elf Spellshaper	"{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 green Elf Druid creature token named Llanowar Elves. It has ""{T}: Add {G}."""	G	G	Future Sight	131	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Magus of the Vineyard	G	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of each player's precombat main phase, that player adds {G}{G}."	G	G	Future Sight	132	rare	Jim Murray		
Utopia Mycon	G	1	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Utopia Mycon.
Remove three spore counters from Utopia Mycon: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Future Sight	140	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Burrenton Forge-Tender	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"Protection from red
Sacrifice Burrenton Forge-Tender: Prevent all damage a red source of your choice would deal this turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	7	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Goldmeadow Stalwart	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a Kithkin card from your hand or pay {3}."	W	W	Lorwyn	18	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Knucklebone Witch	B	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Whenever a Goblin you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Knucklebone Witch."	B	B	Lorwyn	120	rare	Jim Pavelec		
Flamekin Bladewhirl	R	1	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal an Elemental card from your hand or pay {3}."	R	R	Lorwyn	165	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Flamekin Harbinger	R	1	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"When Flamekin Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Elemental card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	R	R	Lorwyn	167	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Hearthcage Giant	6RR	8	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Hearthcage Giant enters the battlefield, create two 3/1 red Elemental Shaman creature tokens.
Sacrifice an Elemental: Target Giant creature gets +3/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Lorwyn	174	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Sylvan Echoes	G	1	Enchantment	"Whenever you clash and win, you may draw a card. (This ability triggers after the clash ends.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	237	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Treefolk Harbinger	G	1	Creature ? Treefolk Druid	"When Treefolk Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Treefolk or Forest card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	G	G	Lorwyn	239	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Cenn's Tactician	W	1	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"{W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target Soldier creature.
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it can block an additional creature each combat."	W	W	Morningtide	5	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Daily Regimen	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}{W}: Put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature."	W	W	Morningtide	8	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Heritage Druid	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	Tap three untapped Elves you control: Add {G}{G}{G}.	G	G	Morningtide	126	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Cursecatcher	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	Sacrifice Cursecatcher: Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays {1}.	U	U	Shadowmoor	34	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Woodfall Primus	5GGG	8	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Trample
When Woodfall Primus enters the battlefield, destroy target noncreature permanent.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Shadowmoor	135	rare	Adam Rex		
Tattermunge Maniac	R/G	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Tattermunge Maniac attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Shadowmoor	219	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Rhys the Redeemed	G/W	1	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"{2}{G/W}, {T}: Create a 1/1 green and white Elf Warrior creature token.
{4}{G/W}{G/W}, {T}: For each creature token you control, create a token that's a copy of that creature."	W	W	Shadowmoor	237	rare	Steve Prescott		
Seedcradle Witch	G/W	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	{2}{G}{W}: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Untap that creature.	W	W	Shadowmoor	241	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Reaper King	2/W2/U2/B2/R2/G	10	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"({2/W} can be paid with any two mana or with {W}. This card's converted mana cost is 10.)
Other Scarecrow creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever another Scarecrow enters the battlefield under your control, destroy target permanent."	W	W	Shadowmoor	260	rare	Jim Murray		
Helix Pinnacle	G	1	Enchantment	"Shroud (This enchantment can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
{X}: Put X tower counters on Helix Pinnacle.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are 100 or more tower counters on Helix Pinnacle, you win the game."	G	G	Eventide	68	rare	Dan Scott		
Twinblade Slasher	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
{1}{G}: Twinblade Slasher gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Eventide	79	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Figure of Destiny	R/W	1	Creature ? Kithkin	"{R/W}: Figure of Destiny becomes a Kithkin Spirit with base power and toughness 2/2.
{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}: If Figure of Destiny is a Spirit, it becomes a Kithkin Spirit Warrior with base power and toughness 4/4.
{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}: If Figure of Destiny is a Warrior, it becomes a Kithkin Spirit Warrior Avatar with base power and toughness 8/8, flying, and first strike."	W	W	Eventide	139	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Angel's Herald	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice a green creature, a white creature, and a blue creature: Search your library for a card named Empyrial Archangel and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Shards of Alara	2	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Kederekt Leviathan	6UU	8	Creature ? Leviathan	"When Kederekt Leviathan enters the battlefield, return all other nonland permanents to their owners' hands.
Unearth {6}{U} ({6}{U}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	48	rare	Mark Hyzer		
Sphinx's Herald	U	1	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice a white creature, a blue creature, and a black creature: Search your library for a card named Sphinx Sovereign and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Shards of Alara	58	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Demon's Herald	B	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a blue creature, a black creature, and a red creature: Search your library for a card named Prince of Thralls and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Shards of Alara	72	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Dragon's Herald	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{2}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a black creature, a red creature, and a green creature: Search your library for a card named Hellkite Overlord and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	R	R	Shards of Alara	98	uncommon	Daarken		
Behemoth's Herald	G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{2}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a red creature, a green creature, and a white creature: Search your library for a card named Godsire and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Shards of Alara	124	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Feral Hydra	XG	1	Creature ? Hydra Beast	"Feral Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
{3}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Feral Hydra. Any player may activate this ability."	G	G	Shards of Alara	131	rare	Steve Prescott		
Empyrial Archangel	4GWWU	8	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
All damage that would be dealt to you is dealt to Empyrial Archangel instead."	W	W	Shards of Alara	166	mythic	Greg Staples		
Godsire	4RGGW	8	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance
{T}: Create an 8/8 Beast creature token that's red, green, and white."	W	W	Shards of Alara	170	mythic	Jim Murray		
Hellkite Overlord	4BRRG	8	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample, haste
{R}: Hellkite Overlord gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{B}{G}: Regenerate Hellkite Overlord."	R	R	Shards of Alara	172	mythic	Justin Sweet		
Prince of Thralls	4UBBR	8	Creature ? Demon	"Whenever a permanent an opponent controls is put into a graveyard, put that card onto the battlefield under your control unless that opponent pays 3 life."	U	U	Shards of Alara	182	mythic	Paul Bonner		
Sphinx Sovereign	4WUUB	8	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
At the beginning of your end step, you gain 3 life if Sphinx Sovereign is untapped. Otherwise, each opponent loses 3 life."	W	W	Shards of Alara	196	mythic	Chippy		
Controlled Instincts	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant red or green creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Conflux	23	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Inkwell Leviathan	7UU	9	Artifact Creature ? Leviathan	"Trample
Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Conflux	30	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Corrupted Roots	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Forest or Plains
Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, its controller loses 2 life."	B	B	Conflux	41	uncommon	Mark Hyzer		
Dreadwing	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	{1}{U}{R}: Dreadwing gets +3/+0 and gains flying until end of turn.	B	U	Conflux	43	uncommon	Mark Hyzer		
Kederekt Parasite	B	1	Creature ? Horror	"Whenever an opponent draws a card, if you control a red permanent, you may have Kederekt Parasite deal 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Conflux	48	rare	Dan Scott		
Bloodhall Ooze	R	1	Creature ? Ooze	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a black permanent, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodhall Ooze.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a green permanent, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodhall Ooze."	R	R	Conflux	59	rare	Jaime Jones		
Noble Hierarch	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{T}: Add {G}, {W}, or {U}."	G	W	Conflux	87	rare	Mark Zug		
"Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker"	4UBBR	8	Legendary Planeswalker ? Bolas	"+3: Destroy target noncreature permanent.
?2: Gain control of target creature.
?9: Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker deals 7 damage to target player or planeswalker. That player or that planeswalker's controller discards seven cards, then sacrifices seven permanents."	U	U	Conflux	120	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
Progenitus	WWUUBBRRGG	10	Legendary Creature ? Hydra Avatar	"Protection from everything
If Progenitus would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Progenitus and shuffle it into its owner's library instead."	W	W	Conflux	121	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Filigree Angel	5WWU	8	Artifact Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Filigree Angel enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life for each artifact you control."	W	W	Alara Reborn	6	rare	Richard Whitters		
Sphinx of the Steel Wind	5WUB	8	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying, first strike, vigilance, lifelink, protection from red and from green"	W	W	Alara Reborn	110	mythic	Kev Walker		
"Iona, Shield of Emeria"	6WWW	9	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
As Iona, Shield of Emeria enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Your opponents can't cast spells of the chosen color."	W	W	Zendikar	13	mythic	Jason Chan		
Kor Duelist	W	1	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"As long as Kor Duelist is equipped, it has double strike. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	W	W	Zendikar	19	uncommon	Izzy		
Quest for the Holy Relic	W	1	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may put a quest counter on Quest for the Holy Relic.
Remove five quest counters from Quest for the Holy Relic and sacrifice it: Search your library for an Equipment card, put it onto the battlefield, and attach it to a creature you control. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Zendikar	33	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Cosi's Trickster	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever an opponent shuffles their library, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Cosi's Trickster."	U	U	Zendikar	45	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Hedron Crab	U	1	Creature ? Crab	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Zendikar	47	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
"Lorthos, the Tidemaker"	5UUU	8	Legendary Creature ? Octopus	"Whenever Lorthos, the Tidemaker attacks, you may pay {8}. If you do, tap up to eight target permanents. Those permanents don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps."	U	U	Zendikar	53	mythic	Kekai Kotaki		
Quest for Ancient Secrets	U	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, you may put a quest counter on Quest for Ancient Secrets.
Remove five quest counters from Quest for Ancient Secrets and sacrifice it: Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library."	U	U	Zendikar	59	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Bloodchief Ascension	B	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent lost 2 or more life this turn, you may put a quest counter on Bloodchief Ascension. (Damage causes loss of life.)
Whenever a card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, if Bloodchief Ascension has three or more quest counters on it, you may have that player lose 2 life. If you do, you gain 2 life."	B	B	Zendikar	82	rare	Adi Granov		
Quest for the Gravelord	B	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, you may put a quest counter on Quest for the Gravelord.
Remove three quest counters from Quest for the Gravelord and sacrifice it: Create a 5/5 black Zombie Giant creature token."	B	B	Zendikar	108	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Goblin Guide	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Scout	"Haste
Whenever Goblin Guide attacks, defending player reveals the top card of their library. If it's a land card, that player puts it into their hand."	R	R	Zendikar	126	rare	Warren Mahy		
Lavaball Trap	6RR	8	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent had two or more lands enter the battlefield under their control this turn, you may pay {3}{R}{R} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy two target lands. Lavaball Trap deals 4 damage to each creature."	R	R	Zendikar	135	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Quest for Pure Flame	R	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a source you control deals damage to an opponent, you may put a quest counter on Quest for Pure Flame.
Remove four quest counters from Quest for Pure Flame and sacrifice it: If any source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player this turn, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Zendikar	144	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Scute Mob	G	1	Creature ? Insect	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control five or more lands, put four +1/+1 counters on Scute Mob."	G	G	Zendikar	182	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Loam Lion	W	1	Creature ? Cat	Loam Lion gets +1/+2 as long as you control a Forest.	W	W	Worldwake	13	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Perimeter Captain	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Defender
Whenever a creature you control with defender blocks, you may gain 2 life."	W	W	Worldwake	16	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Quest for Ula's Temple	U	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, you may reveal it and put a quest counter on Quest for Ula's Temple.
At the beginning of each end step, if there are three or more quest counters on Quest for Ula's Temple, you may put a Kraken, Leviathan, Octopus, or Serpent creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Worldwake	35	rare	Rob Alexander		
Death's Shadow	B	1	Creature ? Avatar	"Death's Shadow gets -X/-X, where X is your life total."	B	B	Worldwake	57	rare	Howard Lyon		
Quest for the Nihil Stone	B	1	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may put a quest counter on Quest for the Nihil Stone.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand and Quest for the Nihil Stone has two or more quest counters on it, you may have that player lose 5 life."	B	B	Worldwake	64	rare	Mike Bierek		
Quest for the Goblin Lord	R	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a Goblin enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a quest counter on Quest for the Goblin Lord.
As long as Quest for the Goblin Lord has five or more quest counters on it, creatures you control get +2/+0."	R	R	Worldwake	86	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Joraga Warcaller	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Multikicker {1}{G} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Joraga Warcaller enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked.
Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1 for each +1/+1 counter on Joraga Warcaller."	G	G	Worldwake	106	rare	Steven Belledin		
Terastodon	6GG	8	Creature ? Elephant	"When Terastodon enters the battlefield, you may destroy up to three target noncreature permanents. For each permanent put into a graveyard this way, its controller creates a 3/3 green Elephant creature token."	G	G	Worldwake	115	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Crab Umbra	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{2}{U}: Untap enchanted creature.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	58	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Training Grounds	U	1	Enchantment	Activated abilities of creatures you control cost up to {2} less to activate. This effect can't reduce the amount of mana an ability costs to activate to less than one mana.	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	91	rare	James Ryman		
Pestilence Demon	5BBB	8	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
{B}: Pestilence Demon deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	124	rare	Justin Sweet		
Skeletal Wurm	7B	8	Creature ? Skeleton Wurm	{B}: Regenerate Skeletal Wurm.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	127	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Gigantomancer	7G	8	Creature ? Human Shaman	{1}: Target creature you control has base power and toughness 7/7 until end of turn.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	184	rare	Chippy		
Khalni Hydra	GGGGGGGG	8	Creature ? Hydra	"This spell costs {G} less to cast for each green creature you control.
Trample"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	192	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Spikeshot Elder	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	{1}{R}{R}: Spikeshot Elder deals damage equal to its power to any target.	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	104	rare	Izzy		
Liege of the Tangle	6GG	8	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Whenever Liege of the Tangle deals combat damage to a player, you may choose any number of target lands you control and put an awakening counter on each of them. Each of those lands is an 8/8 green Elemental creature for as long as it has an awakening counter on it. They're still lands."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	123	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur"	8UU	10	Legendary Creature ? Praetor	"Flash
At the beginning of your end step, draw seven cards.
Each opponent's maximum hand size is reduced by seven."	U	U	New Phyrexia	37	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Slag Fiend	R	1	Creature ? Construct	Slag Fiend's power and toughness are each equal to the number of artifact cards in all graveyards.	R	R	New Phyrexia	95	rare	Mike Bierek		
"Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger"	6GG	8	Legendary Creature ? Praetor	"Trample
Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.
Whenever an opponent taps a land for mana, that land doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	New Phyrexia	127	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
Champion of the Parish	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever another Human enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Champion of the Parish."	W	W	Innistrad	6	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Mikaeus, the Lunarch"	XW	1	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Mikaeus, the Lunarch enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Mikaeus.
{T}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Mikaeus: Put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control."	W	W	Innistrad	23	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Stromkirk Noble	R	1	Creature ? Vampire	"Stromkirk Noble can't be blocked by Humans.
Whenever Stromkirk Noble deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Innistrad	164	rare	James Ryman		
Wreath of Geists	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Innistrad	211	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Gravecrawler	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"Gravecrawler can't block.
You may cast Gravecrawler from your graveyard as long as you control a Zombie."	B	B	Dark Ascension	64	rare	Steven Belledin		
Ghoultree	7G	8	Creature ? Zombie Treefolk	This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.	G	G	Dark Ascension	115	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
"Avacyn, Angel of Hope"	5WWW	8	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance, indestructible
Other permanents you control have indestructible."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	6	mythic	Jason Chan		
Nephalia Smuggler	U	1	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{3}{U}, {T}: Exile another target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	69	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Stonewright	R	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Stonewright is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Avacyn Restored	157	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Vexing Devil	R	1	Creature ? Devil	"When Vexing Devil enters the battlefield, any opponent may have it deal 4 damage to them. If a player does, sacrifice Vexing Devil."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	164	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Craterhoof Behemoth	5GGG	8	Creature ? Beast	"Haste
When Craterhoof Behemoth enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	172	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Ulvenwald Tracker	G	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{1}{G}, {T}: Target creature you control fights another target creature."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	200	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Faerie Impostor	U	1	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
When Faerie Impostor enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return another creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	39	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Shrieking Affliction	B	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has one or fewer cards in hand, they lose 3 life."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	76	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Racecourse Fury	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn."""	R	R	Return to Ravnica	104	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Utvara Hellkite	6RR	8	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a Dragon you control attacks, create a 6/6 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	110	mythic	Mark Zug		
Mana Bloom	XG	1	Enchantment	"Mana Bloom enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
Remove a charge counter from Mana Bloom: Add one mana of any color. Activate this ability only once each turn.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Mana Bloom has no charge counters on it, return it to its owner's hand."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	130	rare	Mike Bierek		
Worldspine Wurm	8GGG	11	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Worldspine Wurm dies, create three 5/5 green Wurm creature tokens with trample.
When Worldspine Wurm is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	140	mythic	Richard Wright		
Blistercoil Weird	U/R	1	Creature ? Weird	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Blistercoil Weird gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap it."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	211	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Dryad Militant	G/W	1	Creature ? Dryad Soldier	"If an instant or sorcery card would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	214	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Judge's Familiar	W/U	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Sacrifice Judge's Familiar: Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays {1}."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	218	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Nivmagus Elemental	U/R	1	Creature ? Elemental	Exile an instant or sorcery spell you control: Put two +1/+1 counters on Nivmagus Elemental. (That spell won't resolve.)	U	U	Return to Ravnica	219	rare	Mike Bierek		
Rakdos Cackler	B/R	1	Creature ? Devil	Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)	R	R	Return to Ravnica	220	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Slitherhead	B/G	1	Creature ? Plant Zombie	"Scavenge {0} ({0}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	222	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Boros Elite	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Boros Elite and at least two other creatures attack, Boros Elite gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	7	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Realmwright	U	1	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"As Realmwright enters the battlefield, choose a basic land type.
Lands you control are the chosen type in addition to their other types."	U	U	Gatecrash	45	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Illness in the Ranks	B	1	Enchantment	Creature tokens get -1/-1.	B	B	Gatecrash	69	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Thrull Parasite	B	1	Creature ? Thrull	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)
{T}, Pay 2 life: Remove a counter from target nonland permanent."	B	B	Gatecrash	81	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Legion Loyalist	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Soldier	"Haste
Battalion ? Whenever Legion Loyalist and at least two other creatures attack, creatures you control gain first strike and trample until end of turn and can't be blocked by creature tokens this turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	97	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Experiment One	G	1	Creature ? Human Ooze	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Remove two +1/+1 counters from Experiment One: Regenerate Experiment One."	G	G	Gatecrash	119	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Skarrg Goliath	6GG	8	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Bloodrush ? {5}{G}{G}, Discard Skarrg Goliath: Target attacking creature gets +9/+9 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Gatecrash	133	rare	Scott Chou		
Wasteland Viper	G	1	Creature ? Snake	"Deathtouch
Bloodrush ? {G}, Discard Wasteland Viper: Target attacking creature gets +1/+2 and gains deathtouch until end of turn."	G	G	Gatecrash	139	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Glimmerpoint Stag	2WW	4	Creature ? Elk	"Vigilance
When Glimmerpoint Stag enters the battlefield, exile another target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	9	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Vigil for the Lost	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control dies, you may pay {X}. If you do, you gain X life."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	26	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Skinrender	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Skinrender enters the battlefield, put three -1/-1 counters on target creature."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	78	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Oxidda Scrapmelter	3R	4	Creature ? Beast	"When Oxidda Scrapmelter enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	101	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Tangle Angler	3G	4	Creature ? Horror	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{G}: Target creature blocks Tangle Angler this turn if able."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	128	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Grafted Exoskeleton	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has infect. (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Whenever Grafted Exoskeleton becomes unattached from a permanent, sacrifice that permanent.
Equip {2}"			Scars of Mirrodin	162	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Trigon of Corruption	4	4	Artifact	"Trigon of Corruption enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{B}{B}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Trigon of Corruption.
{2}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Trigon of Corruption: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."		B	Scars of Mirrodin	213	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Trigon of Infestation	4	4	Artifact	"Trigon of Infestation enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{G}{G}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Trigon of Infestation.
{2}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Trigon of Infestation: Create a 1/1 green Insect creature token with infect."		G	Scars of Mirrodin	214	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Vedalken Infuser	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a charge counter on target artifact."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	37	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Flesh-Eater Imp	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Sacrifice a creature: Flesh-Eater Imp gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	42	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Spiraling Duelist	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Berserker	Metalcraft ? Spiraling Duelist has double strike as long as you control three or more artifacts.	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	76	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Core Prowler	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Horror	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
When Core Prowler dies, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"			Mirrodin Besieged	103	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Skinwing	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has flying.
Equip {6}"			Mirrodin Besieged	133	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Master Splicer	3W	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Master Splicer enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token.
Golem creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	New Phyrexia	16	uncommon	Chippy		
Viral Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{3}{U}: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	New Phyrexia	49	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Wing Splicer	3U	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Wing Splicer enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token.
Golem creatures you control have flying."	U	U	New Phyrexia	50	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Entomber Exarch	2BB	4	Creature ? Cleric	"When Entomber Exarch enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature card from it. That player discards that card."	B	B	New Phyrexia	59	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Fallen Ferromancer	3R	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
{1}{R}, {T}: Fallen Ferromancer deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	New Phyrexia	82	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Tormentor Exarch	3R	4	Creature ? Cleric	"When Tormentor Exarch enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
? Target creature gets -0/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	New Phyrexia	97	uncommon	Brad Rigney		
Greenhilt Trainee	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	{T}: Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if Greenhilt Trainee's power is 4 or greater.	G	G	New Phyrexia	112	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Vital Splicer	3G	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Vital Splicer enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token.
{1}: Regenerate target Golem you control."	G	G	New Phyrexia	126	uncommon	Daarken		
Isolation Cell	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever an opponent casts a creature spell, that player loses 2 life unless they pay {2}."			New Phyrexia	141	uncommon	Adrian Smith		
Mausoleum Guard	3W	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Mausoleum Guard dies, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying."	W	W	Innistrad	20	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Slayer of the Wicked	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Slayer of the Wicked enters the battlefield, you may destroy target Vampire, Werewolf, or Zombie."	W	W	Innistrad	32	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Abattoir Ghoul	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"First strike
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Abattoir Ghoul this turn dies, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness."	B	B	Innistrad	85	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Skirsdag Cultist	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Skirsdag Cultist deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Innistrad	163	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Lumberknot	2GG	4	Creature ? Treefolk	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Whenever a creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Lumberknot."	G	G	Innistrad	191	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Galvanic Juggernaut	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Galvanic Juggernaut attacks each combat if able.
Galvanic Juggernaut doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever another creature dies, untap Galvanic Juggernaut."			Innistrad	222	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Curse of Exhaustion	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Enchanted player can't cast more than one spell each turn."	W	W	Dark Ascension	5	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Hollowhenge Spirit	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
When Hollowhenge Spirit enters the battlefield, remove target attacking or blocking creature from combat."	W	W	Dark Ascension	10	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Briarpack Alpha	3G	4	Creature ? Wolf	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Briarpack Alpha enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Dark Ascension	108	uncommon	Daarken		
Builder's Blessing	3W	4	Enchantment	Untapped creatures you control get +0/+2.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	8	uncommon	John Stanko		
Goldnight Commander	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric Soldier	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	22	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Stern Mentor	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Stern Mentor is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has ""{T}: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."""	U	U	Avacyn Restored	77	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Corpse Traders	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{2}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	90	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Evernight Shade	3B	4	Creature ? Shade	"{B}: Evernight Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	101	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Havengul Vampire	3R	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever Havengul Vampire deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Havengul Vampire."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	139	uncommon	James Ryman		
Vigilante Justice	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a Human enters the battlefield under your control, Vigilante Justice deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	165	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Azorius Justiciar	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Azorius Justiciar enters the battlefield, detain up to two target creatures your opponents control. (Until your next turn, those creatures can't attack or block and their activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	6	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Phantom General	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit Soldier	Creature tokens you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Return to Ravnica	16	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Aquus Steed	3U	4	Creature ? Beast	"{2}{U}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	29	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Soulsworn Spirit	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Soulsworn Spirit can't be blocked.
When Soulsworn Spirit enters the battlefield, detain target creature an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that creature can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	51	uncommon	James Ryman		
Dark Revenant	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Dark Revenant dies, put it on top of its owner's library."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	61	uncommon	Daarken		
Bloodfray Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant	"Trample
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	89	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Golgari Decoy	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Rogue	"All creatures able to block Golgari Decoy do so.
Scavenge {3}{G}{G} ({3}{G}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	127	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Skymark Roc	2WU	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Skymark Roc attacks, you may return target creature defending player controls with toughness 2 or less to its owner's hand."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	196	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Holy Mantle	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from creatures."	W	W	Gatecrash	17	uncommon	Maciej Kuciara		
Knight of Obligation	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance
Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)"	W	W	Gatecrash	18	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Viashino Shanktail	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"First strike
Bloodrush ? {2}{R}, Discard Viashino Shanktail: Target attacking creature gets +3/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	110	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Ghor-Clan Rampager	2RG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Bloodrush ? {R}{G}, Discard Ghor-Clan Rampager: Target attacking creature gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	167	uncommon	Charles Urbach		
One Thousand Lashes	2WB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player loses 1 life."	W	W	Gatecrash	183	uncommon	Daarken		
Ordruun Veteran	2RW	4	Creature ? Minotaur Soldier	"Battalion ? Whenever Ordruun Veteran and at least two other creatures attack, Ordruun Veteran gains double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	W	W	Gatecrash	184	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Ascended Lawmage	2WU	4	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Flying
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	53	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Bronzebeak Moa	2GW	4	Creature ? Bird	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Bronzebeak Moa gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	60	uncommon	James Ryman		
Carnage Gladiator	2BR	4	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"Whenever a creature blocks, that creature's controller loses 1 life.
{1}{B}{R}: Regenerate Carnage Gladiator."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	61	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Fluxcharger	2UR	4	Creature ? Weird	"Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may switch Fluxcharger's power and toughness until end of turn."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	71	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Gruul War Chant	2RG	4	Enchantment	Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 and have menace.	R	R	Dragon's Maze	75	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Krasis Incubation	2GU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
{1}{G}{U}, Return Krasis Incubation to its owner's hand: Put two +1/+1 counters on enchanted creature."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	79	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Rot Farm Skeleton	2BG	4	Creature ? Plant Skeleton	"Rot Farm Skeleton can't block.
{2}{B}{G}, Put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard: Return Rot Farm Skeleton from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	98	uncommon	Maciej Kuciara		
Heliod's Emissary	3W	4	Enchantment Creature ? Elk	"Bestow {6}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Whenever Heliod's Emissary or enchanted creature attacks, tap target creature an opponent controls.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3."	W	W	Theros	18	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Thassa's Emissary	3U	4	Enchantment Creature ? Crab	"Bestow {5}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Whenever Thassa's Emissary or enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3."	U	U	Theros	68	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Erebos's Emissary	3B	4	Enchantment Creature ? Snake	"Bestow {5}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Discard a creature card: Erebos's Emissary gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If Erebos's Emissary is an Aura, enchanted creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn instead.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3."	B	B	Theros	86	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Insatiable Harpy	2BB	4	Creature ? Harpy	"Flying, lifelink"	B	B	Theros	92	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Fanatic of Mogis	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"When Fanatic of Mogis enters the battlefield, it deals damage to each opponent equal to your devotion to red. (Each {R} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)"	R	R	Theros	121	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Purphoros's Emissary	3R	4	Enchantment Creature ? Ox	"Bestow {6}{R} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has menace."	R	R	Theros	136	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Karametra's Acolyte	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Add an amount of {G} equal to your devotion to green. (Each {G} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	G	G	Theros	160	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Nylea's Emissary	3G	4	Enchantment Creature ? Cat	"Bestow {5}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Trample
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has trample."	G	G	Theros	168	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Horizon Chimera	2GU	4	Creature ? Chimera	"Flash
Flying, trample
Whenever you draw a card, you gain 1 life."	U	U	Theros	194	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Anvilwrought Raptor	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying, first strike"			Theros	211	uncommon	James Zapata		
Akroan Phalanx	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance
{2}{R}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Born of the Gods	2	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Sunbond	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Whenever you gain life, put that many +1/+1 counters on this creature."""	W	W	Born of the Gods	28	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Aerie Worshippers	3U	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Inspired ? Whenever Aerie Worshippers becomes untapped, you may pay {2}{U}. If you do, create a 2/2 blue Bird enchantment creature token with flying."	U	U	Born of the Gods	30	uncommon	Mike Sass		
Forlorn Pseudamma	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Inspired ? Whenever Forlorn Pseudamma becomes untapped, you may pay {2}{B}. If you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie enchantment creature token."	B	B	Born of the Gods	71	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Graverobber Spider	3G	4	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
{3}{B}: Graverobber Spider gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Born of the Gods	122	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Leonin Iconoclast	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Monk	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Leonin Iconoclast, destroy target enchantment creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	16	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Triton Cavalry	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Triton Cavalry, you may return target enchantment to its owner's hand."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	55	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Agent of Erebos	3B	4	Enchantment Creature ? Zombie	"Constellation ? Whenever Agent of Erebos or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, exile all cards from target player's graveyard."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	59	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Squelching Leeches	2BB	4	Creature ? Leech	Squelching Leeches's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Swamps you control.	B	B	Journey into Nyx	84	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Forgeborn Oreads	2RR	4	Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Constellation ? Whenever Forgeborn Oreads or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Forgeborn Oreads deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	98	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Swarmborn Giant	2GG	4	Creature ? Giant	"When you're dealt combat damage, sacrifice Swarmborn Giant.
{4}{G}{G}: Monstrosity 2. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put two +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Swarmborn Giant is monstrous, it has reach."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	144	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Stormchaser Chimera	2UR	4	Creature ? Chimera	"Flying
{2}{U}{R}: Scry 1, then reveal the top card of your library. Stormchaser Chimera gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that card's converted mana cost. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Journey into Nyx	156	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Duskworker	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Duskworker becomes blocked, regenerate it.
{3}: Duskworker gets +1/+0 until end of turn."			Mirrodin	166	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Needlebug	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Flash
Protection from artifacts"			Mirrodin	217	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Rust Elemental	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice an artifact other than Rust Elemental. If you can't, tap Rust Elemental and you lose 4 life."			Mirrodin	234	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Vulshok War Boar	2RR	4	Creature ? Boar Beast	"When Vulshok War Boar enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice an artifact."	R	R	Darksteel	72	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Geth's Grimoire	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may draw a card."			Darksteel	123	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Kami of Old Stone	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit		W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	22	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Soratami Mirror-Mage	3U	4	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{3}, Return three lands you control to their owner's hand: Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	88	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Numai Outcast	3B	4	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)
{B}, Pay 5 life: Regenerate Numai Outcast."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	134	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Blind with Anger	3R	4	Instant ? Arcane	Untap target nonlegendary creature and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	158	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Rootrunner	2GG	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{G}{G}, Sacrifice Rootrunner: Put target land on top of its owner's library.
Soulshift 3 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	237	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Jade Idol	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, Jade Idol becomes a 4/4 Spirit artifact creature until end of turn."			Champions of Kamigawa	256	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Ogre Recluse	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever a player casts a spell, tap Ogre Recluse."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	113	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Locust Miser	2BB	4	Creature ? Rat Shaman	Each opponent's maximum hand size is reduced by two.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	80	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Kami of the Tended Garden	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Kami of the Tended Garden unless you pay {G}.
Soulshift 3 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	134	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Stampeding Serow	2GG	4	Creature ? Antelope Beast	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a green creature you control to its owner's hand."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	150	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Wizened Snitches	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Players play with the top card of their libraries revealed."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	75	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Mausoleum Turnkey	3B	4	Creature ? Ogre Rogue	"When Mausoleum Turnkey enters the battlefield, return target creature card of an opponent's choice from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	94	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Rimewind Cryomancer	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}, {T}: Counter target activated ability. Activate this ability only if you control four or more snow permanents. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	U	U	Coldsnap	43	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Paradise Plume	4	4	Artifact	"As Paradise Plume enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever a player casts a spell of the chosen color, you may gain 1 life.
{T}: Add one mana of the chosen color."			Time Spiral	260	uncommon	Wayne England		
Auramancer's Guise	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 for each Aura attached to it and has vigilance."	U	U	Planar Chaos	34	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Char-Rumbler	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Double strike
{R}: Char-Rumbler gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Future Sight	96	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Shivan Sand-Mage	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"When Shivan Sand-Mage enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Remove two time counters from target permanent or suspended card.
? Put two time counters on target permanent with a time counter on it or suspended card.
Suspend 4?{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {R} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	R	R	Future Sight	108	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Hollowsage	3B	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever Hollowsage becomes untapped, you may have target player discard a card."	B	B	Shadowmoor	69	uncommon	Lucio Parrillo		
Loyal Gyrfalcon	3W	4	Creature ? Bird	"Defender, flying
Whenever you cast a white spell, Loyal Gyrfalcon loses defender until end of turn."	W	W	Eventide	11	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Idle Thoughts	3U	4	Enchantment	{2}: Draw a card if you have no cards in hand.	U	U	Eventide	23	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Soul Snuffers	2BB	4	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"When Soul Snuffers enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on each creature."	B	B	Eventide	45	uncommon	Izzy		
Duergar Cave-Guard	3R	4	Creature ? Dwarf Warrior	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
{R/W}: Duergar Cave-Guard gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	W	Eventide	51	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Spitemare	2R/WR/W	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever Spitemare is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to any target."	W	W	Eventide	147	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Fatestitcher	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{T}: You may tap or untap another target permanent.
Unearth {U} ({U}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	43	uncommon	E. M. Gist		
Sludge Strider	1WUB	4	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control or another artifact you control leaves the battlefield, you may pay {1}. If you do, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Conflux	126	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Bloodbraid Elf	2RG	4	Creature ? Elf Berserker	"Haste
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	50	uncommon	Dominick Domingo		
Living Tsunami	2UU	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Living Tsunami unless you return a land you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Zendikar	52	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Ravenous Trap	2BB	4	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent had three or more cards put into their graveyard from anywhere this turn, you may pay {0} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Exile all cards from target player's graveyard."	B	B	Zendikar	109	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Permafrost Trap	2UU	4	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent had a green creature enter the battlefield under their control this turn, you may pay {U} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step."	U	U	Worldwake	34	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Darkslick Drake	2UU	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Darkslick Drake dies, draw a card."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	30	uncommon	Chippy		
Demonmail Hauberk	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/+2.
Equip?Sacrifice a creature."			Innistrad	221	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Holy Justiciar	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}{W}, {T}: Tap target creature. If that creature is a Zombie, exile it."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	25	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Druid's Familiar	3G	4	Creature ? Bear	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Druid's Familiar is paired with another creature, each of those creatures gets +2/+2."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	175	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Oracle's Insight	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Scry 1, then draw a card."" (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Born of the Gods	47	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
"Elspeth, Knight-Errant"	2WW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Elspeth	"+1: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.
+1: Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains flying until end of turn.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Artifacts, creatures, enchantments, and lands you control have indestructible."""	W	W	Shards of Alara	9	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Ajani Vengeant	2RW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+1: Target permanent doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
?2: Ajani Vengeant deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.
?7: Destroy all lands target player controls."	W	W	Shards of Alara	154	mythic	Wayne Reynolds		
Rafiq of the Many	1GWU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, it gains double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Shards of Alara	185	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Sarkhan Vol	2RG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"+1: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.
?2: Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.
?6: Create five 4/4 red Dragon creature tokens with flying."	R	R	Shards of Alara	191	mythic	Daarken		
Mindbreak Trap	2UU	4	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent cast three or more spells this turn, you may pay {0} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Exile any number of target spells."	U	U	Zendikar	57	mythic	Christopher Moeller		
Obsidian Fireheart	1RRR	4	Creature ? Elemental	"{1}{R}{R}: Put a blaze counter on target land without a blaze counter on it. For as long as that land has a blaze counter on it, it has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, this land deals 1 damage to you."" (The land continues to burn after Obsidian Fireheart has left the battlefield.)"	R	R	Zendikar	140	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Nissa Revane	2GG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+1: Search your library for a card named Nissa's Chosen and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.
+1: You gain 2 life for each Elf you control.
?7: Search your library for any number of Elf creature cards and put them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Zendikar	170	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Jace, the Mind Sculptor"	2UU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+2: Look at the top card of target player's library. You may put that card on the bottom of that player's library.
0: Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.
?1: Return target creature to its owner's hand.
?12: Exile all cards from target player's library, then that player shuffles their hand into their library."	U	U	Worldwake	31	mythic	Jason Chan		
Abyssal Persecutor	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
You can't win the game and your opponents can't lose the game."	B	B	Worldwake	47	mythic	Chippy		
"Linvala, Keeper of Silence"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Activated abilities of creatures your opponents control can't be activated."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	33	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
Vengevine	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste
Whenever you cast a spell, if it's the second creature spell you cast this turn, you may return Vengevine from your graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	212	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Indomitable Archangel	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Metalcraft ? Artifacts you control have shroud as long as you control three or more artifacts. (An artifact with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	11	mythic	Allen Williams		
Koth of the Hammer	2RR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Koth	"+1: Untap target Mountain. It becomes a 4/4 red Elemental creature until end of turn. It's still a land.
?2: Add {R} for each Mountain you control.
?5: You get an emblem with ""Mountains you control have '{T}: This land deals 1 damage to any target.'"""	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	94	mythic	Jason Chan		
Lux Cannon	4	4	Artifact	"{T}: Put a charge counter on Lux Cannon.
{T}, Remove three charge counters from Lux Cannon: Destroy target permanent."			Scars of Mirrodin	173	mythic	Martina Pilcerova		
Molten-Tail Masticore	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Masticore	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Molten-Tail Masticore unless you discard a card.
{4}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Molten-Tail Masticore deals 4 damage to any target.
{2}: Regenerate Molten-Tail Masticore."			Scars of Mirrodin	177	mythic	Whit Brachna		
Hero of Bladehold	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
Whenever Hero of Bladehold attacks, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens that are tapped and attacking."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	8	mythic	Austin Hsu		
Hero of Oxid Ridge	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Haste
Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
Whenever Hero of Oxid Ridge attacks, creatures with power 1 or less can't block this turn."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	66	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Thrun, the Last Troll"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Troll Shaman	"This spell can't be countered.
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate Thrun, the Last Troll."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	92	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Tezzeret, Agent of Bolas"	2UB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"+1: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
?1: Target artifact becomes an artifact creature with base power and toughness 5/5.
?4: Target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is twice the number of artifacts you control."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	97	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Phyrexian Obliterator	BBBB	4	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
Whenever a source deals damage to Phyrexian Obliterator, that source's controller sacrifices that many permanents."	B	B	New Phyrexia	68	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Tree of Redemption	3G	4	Creature ? Plant	"Defender
{T}: Exchange your life total with Tree of Redemption's toughness."	G	G	Innistrad	207	mythic	Vincent Proce		
Olivia Voldaren	2BR	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
{1}{R}: Olivia Voldaren deals 1 damage to another target creature. That creature becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types. Put a +1/+1 counter on Olivia Voldaren.
{3}{B}{B}: Gain control of target Vampire for as long as you control Olivia Voldaren."	R	R	Innistrad	215	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Grimoire of the Dead	4	4	Legendary Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Discard a card: Put a study counter on Grimoire of the Dead.
{T}, Remove three study counters from Grimoire of the Dead and sacrifice it: Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control. They're black Zombies in addition to their other colors and types."			Innistrad	226	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Falkenrath Aristocrat	2BR	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying, haste
Sacrifice a creature: Falkenrath Aristocrat gains indestructible until end of turn. If the sacrificed creature was a Human, put a +1/+1 counter on Falkenrath Aristocrat."	R	R	Dark Ascension	138	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
"Sorin, Lord of Innistrad"	2WB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sorin	"+1: Create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token with lifelink.
?2: You get an emblem with ""Creatures you control get +1/+0.""
?6: Destroy up to three target creatures and/or other planeswalkers. Return each card put into a graveyard this way to the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Dark Ascension	142	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Misthollow Griffin	2UU	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
You may cast Misthollow Griffin from exile."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	68	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Jace, Architect of Thought"	2UU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+1: Until your next turn, whenever a creature an opponent controls attacks, it gets -1/-0 until end of turn.
?2: Reveal the top three cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library in any order.
?8: For each player, search that player's library for a nonland card and exile it, then that player shuffles their library. You may cast those cards without paying their mana costs."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	44	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord"	BBGG	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Elf	"Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.
{1}{B}{G}, Sacrifice another creature: Each opponent loses life equal to the sacrificed creature's power.
Sacrifice a Swamp and a Forest: Return Jarad from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	174	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Rakdos, Lord of Riots"	BBRR	4	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"You can't cast this spell unless an opponent lost life this turn.
Flying, trample
Creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast for each 1 life your opponents have lost this turn."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	187	mythic	Vincent Proce		
"Trostani, Selesnya's Voice"	GGWW	4	Legendary Creature ? Dryad	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness.
{1}{G}{W}, {T}: Populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	206	mythic	Chippy		
"Gideon, Champion of Justice"	2WW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"+1: Put a loyalty counter on Gideon, Champion of Justice for each creature target opponent controls.
0: Until end of turn, Gideon, Champion of Justice becomes a Human Soldier creature with power and toughness each equal to the number of loyalty counters on him and gains indestructible. He's still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.
?15: Exile all other permanents."	W	W	Gatecrash	13	mythic	David Rapoza		
Duskmantle Seer	2UB	4	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, each player reveals the top card of their library, loses life equal to that card's converted mana cost, then puts it into their hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	159	mythic	Kev Walker		
"Lazav, Dimir Mastermind"	UUBB	4	Legendary Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Hexproof
Whenever a creature card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, you may have Lazav, Dimir Mastermind become a copy of that card, except its name is Lazav, Dimir Mastermind, it's legendary in addition to its other types, and it has hexproof and this ability."	U	U	Gatecrash	174	mythic	David Rapoza		
Master Biomancer	2GU	4	Creature ? Elf Wizard	Each other creature you control enters the battlefield with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to Master Biomancer's power and as a Mutant in addition to its other types.	U	U	Gatecrash	176	mythic	Willian Murai		
Council of the Absolute	2WU	4	Creature ? Human Advisor	"As Council of the Absolute enters the battlefield, choose a noncreature, nonland card name.
Your opponents can't cast spells with the chosen name.
Spells with the chosen name you cast cost {2} less to cast."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	62	mythic	Zoltan Boros		
Ral Zarek	2UR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ral	"+1: Tap target permanent, then untap another target permanent.
?2: Ral Zarek deals 3 damage to any target.
?7: Flip five coins. Take an extra turn after this one for each coin that comes up heads."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	94	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Heliod, God of the Sun"	3W	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white is less than five, Heliod isn't a creature. (Each {W} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)
Other creatures you control have vigilance.
{2}{W}{W}: Create a 2/1 white Cleric enchantment creature token."	W	W	Theros	17	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Master of Waves	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Protection from red
Elemental creatures you control get +1/+1.
When Master of Waves enters the battlefield, create a number of 1/0 blue Elemental creature tokens equal to your devotion to blue. (Each {U} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)"	U	U	Theros	53	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
"Erebos, God of the Dead"	3B	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to black is less than five, Erebos isn't a creature. (Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)
Your opponents can't gain life.
{1}{B}, Pay 2 life: Draw a card."	B	B	Theros	85	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
"Purphoros, God of the Forge"	3R	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red is less than five, Purphoros isn't a creature.
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Purphoros deals 2 damage to each opponent.
{2}{R}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Theros	135	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Nylea, God of the Hunt"	3G	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to green is less than five, Nylea isn't a creature. (Each {G} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)
Other creatures you control have trample.
{3}{G}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Theros	166	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Polukranos, World Eater"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Hydra	"{X}{X}{G}: Monstrosity X. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put X +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Polukranos, World Eater becomes monstrous, it deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures your opponents control. Each of those creatures deals damage equal to its power to Polukranos."	G	G	Theros	172	mythic	Johann Bodin		
"Xenagos, the Reveler"	2RG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Xenagos	"+1: Add X mana in any combination of {R} and/or {G}, where X is the number of creatures you control.
0: Create a 2/2 red and green Satyr creature token with haste.
?6: Exile the top seven cards of your library. You may put any number of creature and/or land cards from among them onto the battlefield."	R	R	Theros	209	mythic	Jason Chan		
Flame-Wreathed Phoenix	2RR	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
Tribute 2 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Flame-Wreathed Phoenix enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, it gains haste and ""When this creature dies, return it to its owner's hand."""	R	R	Born of the Gods	97	mythic	James Ryman		
"Ephara, God of the Polis"	2WU	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white and blue is less than seven, Ephara isn't a creature.
At the beginning of each upkeep, if you had another creature enter the battlefield under your control last turn, draw a card."	W	W	Born of the Gods	145	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Kiora, the Crashing Wave"	2GU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kiora	"+1: Until your next turn, prevent all damage that would be dealt to and dealt by target permanent an opponent controls.
?1: Draw a card. You may play an additional land this turn.
?5: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of your end step, create a 9/9 blue Kraken creature token."""	U	U	Born of the Gods	149	mythic	Scott M. Fischer		
"Mogis, God of Slaughter"	2BR	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to black and red is less than seven, Mogis isn't a creature.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Mogis deals 2 damage to that player unless they sacrifice a creature."	R	R	Born of the Gods	151	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
"Iroas, God of Victory"	2RW	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red and white is less than seven, Iroas isn't a creature.
Creatures you control have menace.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to attacking creatures you control."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	150	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Bloodshot Trainee	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	{T}: Bloodshot Trainee deals 4 damage to target creature. Activate this ability only if Bloodshot Trainee's power is 4 or greater.	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	85	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Cinder Elemental	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"{X}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Cinder Elemental: It deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Gatecrash	87	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Crucible of Fire	3R	4	Enchantment	Dragon creatures you control get +3/+3.	R	R	Shards of Alara	96	rare	Dominick Domingo		
Tower Geist	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Tower Geist enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard."	U	U	Dark Ascension	53	uncommon	Izzy		
Quicksilver Elemental	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}: Quicksilver Elemental gains all activated abilities of target creature until end of turn. (If any of the abilities use that creature's name, use this creature's name instead.)
You may spend blue mana as though it were mana of any color to pay the activation costs of Quicksilver Elemental's abilities."	U	U	Mirrodin	47	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Shared Fate	4U	5	Enchantment	"If a player would draw a card, that player exiles the top card of one of their opponents' libraries face down instead.
Each player may look at and play cards they exiled with Shared Fate."	U	U	Mirrodin	49	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Nim Devourer	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Nim Devourer gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.
{B}{B}: Return Nim Devourer from your graveyard to the battlefield, then sacrifice a creature. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Mirrodin	70	rare	Adam Rex		
Vermiculos	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield, Vermiculos gets +4/+4 until end of turn."	B	B	Mirrodin	80	rare	Daren Bader		
Arc-Slogger	3RR	5	Creature ? Beast	"{R}, Exile the top ten cards of your library: Arc-Slogger deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Mirrodin	85	rare	Jeff Easley		
Confusion in the Ranks	3RR	5	Enchantment	"Whenever an artifact, creature, or enchantment enters the battlefield, its controller chooses target permanent another player controls that shares a card type with it. Exchange control of those permanents."	R	R	Mirrodin	87	rare	Ron Spencer		
Vulshok Battlemaster	4R	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Haste
When Vulshok Battlemaster enters the battlefield, attach all Equipment on the battlefield to it. (Control of the Equipment doesn't change.)"	R	R	Mirrodin	110	rare	Kev Walker		
Copperhoof Vorrac	3GG	5	Creature ? Boar Beast	Copperhoof Vorrac gets +1/+1 for each untapped permanent your opponents control.	G	G	Mirrodin	116	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Timesifter	5	5	Artifact	"At the beginning of each upkeep, each player exiles the top card of their library. The player who exiled the card with the highest converted mana cost takes an extra turn after this one. If two or more players' cards are tied for highest cost, the tied players repeat this process until the tie is broken."			Mirrodin	262	rare	Dany Orizio		
Worldslayer	5	5	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, destroy all permanents other than Worldslayer.
Equip {5} ({5}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Mirrodin	276	rare	Greg Staples		
Greater Harvester	2BBB	5	Creature ? Horror	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a permanent.
Whenever Greater Harvester deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices two permanents."	B	B	Darksteel	44	rare	Daren Bader		
Mephitic Ooze	4B	5	Creature ? Ooze	"Mephitic Ooze gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.
Whenever Mephitic Ooze deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature. The creature can't be regenerated."	B	B	Darksteel	47	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Ageless Entity	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever you gain life, put that many +1/+1 counters on Ageless Entity."	G	G	Darksteel	73	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Door to Nothingness	5	5	Artifact	"Door to Nothingness enters the battlefield tapped.
{W}{W}{U}{U}{B}{B}{R}{R}{G}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Door to Nothingness: Target player loses the game."		W	Fifth Dawn	115	rare	Puddnhead		
Eon Hub	5	5	Artifact	Players skip their upkeep steps.			Fifth Dawn	120	rare	Daren Bader		
Razormane Masticore	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Masticore	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Razormane Masticore unless you discard a card.
At the beginning of your draw step, you may have Razormane Masticore deal 3 damage to target creature."			Fifth Dawn	146	rare	Jim Murray		
"Hikari, Twilight Guardian"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may exile Hikari, Twilight Guardian. If you do, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	12	rare	Glen Angus		
Meloku the Clouded Mirror	4U	5	Legendary Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{1}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Create a 1/1 blue Illusion creature token with flying."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	74	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
He Who Hungers	4B	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{1}, Sacrifice a Spirit: Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
Soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	114	rare	Kev Walker		
"Kumano, Master Yamabushi"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"{1}{R}: Kumano, Master Yamabushi deals 1 damage to any target.
If a creature dealt damage by Kumano this turn would die, exile it instead."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	176	rare	Adam Rex		
Moonring Mirror	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever you draw a card, exile the top card of your library face down.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile all cards from your hand face down. If you do, put all other cards you own exiled with Moonring Mirror into your hand."			Champions of Kamigawa	262	rare	Christopher Rush		
"Shirei, Shizo's Caretaker"	4B	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever a creature with power 1 or less is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may return that card to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step if Shirei, Shizo's Caretaker is still on the battlefield."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	81	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
In the Web of War	3RR	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, it gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	108	rare	Ron Spencer		
Kodama of the Center Tree	4G	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Kodama of the Center Tree's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Spirits you control.
Kodama of the Center Tree has soulshift X, where X is the number of Spirits you control. (When this creature dies, you may return target Spirit card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	131	rare	Jim Murray		
Genju of the Realm	WUBRG	5	Legendary Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
{2}: Enchanted land becomes a legendary 8/12 Spirit creature with trample until end of turn. It's still a land.
When enchanted land is put into a graveyard, you may return Genju of the Realm from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	151	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
That Which Was Taken	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Put a divinity counter on target permanent other than That Which Was Taken.
Each permanent with a divinity counter on it has indestructible."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	162	rare	Adam Rex		
"Kiyomaro, First to Stand"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Kiyomaro, First to Stand's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
As long as you have four or more cards in hand, Kiyomaro has vigilance.
Whenever Kiyomaro deals damage, if you have seven or more cards in hand, you gain 7 life."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	18	rare	Kev Walker		
Cloudhoof Kirin	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Kirin Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may have target player put the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	31	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Kagemaro, First to Suffer"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"Kagemaro, First to Suffer's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
{B}, Sacrifice Kagemaro: All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	73	rare	Adam Rex		
Iizuka the Ruthless	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)
{2}{R}, Sacrifice a Samurai: Samurai creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	104	rare	Darrell Riche		
"Jiwari, the Earth Aflame"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"{X}{R}, {T}: Jiwari, the Earth Aflame deals X damage to target creature without flying.
Channel ? {X}{R}{R}{R}, Discard Jiwari: Jiwari deals X damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	107	rare	Adam Rex		
"Arashi, the Sky Asunder"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"{X}{G}, {T}: Arashi, the Sky Asunder deals X damage to target creature with flying.
Channel ? {X}{G}{G}, Discard Arashi: Arashi deals X damage to each creature with flying."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	121	rare	Kev Walker		
Dream Leash	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
You can't choose an untapped permanent as this spell's target as you cast it.
You control enchanted permanent."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	45	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Followed Footsteps	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that's a copy of enchanted creature."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	51	rare	Glen Angus		
Woebringer Demon	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature. If the player can't, sacrifice Woebringer Demon."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	113	rare	Daren Bader		
Hunted Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
When Hunted Dragon enters the battlefield, target opponent creates three 2/2 white Knight creature tokens with first strike."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	131	rare	Mark Zug		
Mindmoil	4R	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a spell, put the cards in your hand on the bottom of your library in any order, then draw that many cards."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	135	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Grave-Shell Scarab	2BGG	5	Creature ? Insect	"{1}, Sacrifice Grave-Shell Scarab: Draw a card.
Dredge 1 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly one card from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	211	rare	Pete Venters		
Phytohydra	2GWW	5	Creature ? Plant Hydra	"If damage would be dealt to Phytohydra, put that many +1/+1 counters on it instead."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	218	rare	Jim Murray		
Vulturous Zombie	3BG	5	Creature ? Plant Zombie	"Flying
Whenever a card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, put a +1/+1 counter on Vulturous Zombie."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	238	rare	Greg Staples		
Pariah's Shield	5	5	Artifact ? Equipment	"All damage that would be dealt to you is dealt to equipped creature instead.
Equip {3}"			Ravnica: City of Guilds	267	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Sky Swallower	3UU	5	Creature ? Leviathan	"Flying
When Sky Swallower enters the battlefield, target opponent gains control of all other permanents you control."	U	U	Guildpact	34	rare	rk post		
Bioplasm	3GG	5	Creature ? Ooze	"Whenever Bioplasm attacks, exile the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, Bioplasm gets +X/+Y until end of turn, where X is the exiled creature card's power and Y is its toughness."	G	G	Guildpact	81	rare	Jon Foster		
Celestial Ancient	3WW	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Dissension	7	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sprouting Phytohydra	4G	5	Creature ? Plant Hydra	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Sprouting Phytohydra is dealt damage, you may create a token that's a copy of Sprouting Phytohydra."	G	G	Dissension	95	rare	Heather Hudson		
Anthem of Rakdos	2BRR	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn and Anthem of Rakdos deals 1 damage to you.
Hellbent ? As long as you have no cards in hand, if a source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Dissension	102	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Dread Slag	3BR	5	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
Dread Slag gets -4/-4 for each card in your hand."	R	R	Dissension	109	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Isperia the Inscrutable	1WWUU	5	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever Isperia the Inscrutable deals combat damage to a player, choose a card name. That player reveals their hand. If a card with the chosen name is revealed this way, search your library for a creature card with flying, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Dissension	114	rare	Greg Staples		
"Momir Vig, Simic Visionary"	3GU	5	Legendary Creature ? Elf Wizard	"Whenever you cast a green creature spell, you may search your library for a creature card and reveal it. If you do, shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Whenever you cast a blue creature spell, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put that card into your hand."	U	U	Dissension	118	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Windreaver	3WU	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{W}: Windreaver gains vigilance until end of turn.
{W}: Windreaver gets +0/+1 until end of turn.
{U}: Switch Windreaver's power and toughness until end of turn.
{U}: Return Windreaver to its owner's hand."	W	W	Dissension	138	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
"Heidar, Rimewind Master"	4U	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}, {T}: Return target permanent to its owner's hand. Activate this ability only if you control four or more snow permanents."	U	U	Coldsnap	36	rare	Ron Spears		
Hibernation's End	4G	5	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Whenever you pay Hibernation's End's cumulative upkeep, you may search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost equal to the number of age counters on Hibernation's End and put it onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Coldsnap	110	rare	Steven Belledin		
"Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper"	2BRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Orc Shaman	"Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, create a 3/1 black and red Graveborn creature token with haste."	R	R	Coldsnap	131	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Pentarch Paladin	2WWW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
As Pentarch Paladin enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{W}{W}, {T}: Destroy target permanent of the chosen color."	W	W	Time Spiral	32	rare	Jim Murray		
Pulmonic Sliver	3WW	5	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have flying.
All Slivers have ""If this permanent would be put into a graveyard, you may put it on top of its owner's library instead."""	W	W	Time Spiral	36	rare	Jeff Easley		
Ixidron	3UU	5	Creature ? Illusion	"As Ixidron enters the battlefield, turn all other nontoken creatures face down. (They're 2/2 creatures.)
Ixidron's power and toughness are each equal to the number of face-down creatures on the battlefield."	U	U	Time Spiral	65	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Psionic Sliver	4U	5	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have ""{T}: This creature deals 2 damage to any target and 3 damage to itself."""	U	U	Time Spiral	72	rare	Wayne England		
Vesuvan Shapeshifter	3UU	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As Vesuvan Shapeshifter enters the battlefield or is turned face up, you may choose another creature on the battlefield. If you do, until Vesuvan Shapeshifter is turned face down, it becomes a copy of that creature, except it has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you may turn this creature face down.""
Morph {1}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	90	rare	Quinton Hoover		
"Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder"	4B	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, create X 1/1 black Thrull creature tokens, where X is that spell's converted mana cost.
When you control seven or more Thrulls, sacrifice Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder."	B	B	Time Spiral	106	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sengir Nosferatu	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
{1}{B}, Exile Sengir Nosferatu: Create a 1/2 black Bat creature token with flying. It has ""{1}{B}, Sacrifice this creature: Return an exiled card named Sengir Nosferatu to the battlefield under its owner's control."""	B	B	Time Spiral	128	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Fortune Thief	4R	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.
Morph {R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	156	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Spectral Force	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Trample
Whenever Spectral Force attacks, if defending player controls no black permanents, it doesn't untap during your next untap step."	G	G	Time Spiral	217	rare	Dan Scott		
Spike Tiller	3GG	5	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Tiller enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Tiller: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Tiller: Target land becomes a 2/2 creature that's still a land. Put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Time Spiral	218	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Verdant Embrace	3GG	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has ""At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."""	G	G	Time Spiral	232	rare	Stephen Tappin		
"Dralnu, Lich Lord"	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"If damage would be dealt to Dralnu, Lich Lord, sacrifice that many permanents instead.
{T}: Target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	237	rare	Greg Staples		
Scion of the Ur-Dragon	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Avatar	"Flying
{2}: Search your library for a Dragon permanent card and put it into your graveyard. If you do, Scion of the Ur-Dragon becomes a copy of that card until end of turn. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Time Spiral	246	rare	Jim Murray		
"Stonebrow, Krosan Hero"	3RG	5	Legendary Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Trample
Whenever a creature you control with trample attacks, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	247	rare	Ron Spears		
Stuffy Doll	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Indestructible
As Stuffy Doll enters the battlefield, choose a player.
Whenever Stuffy Doll is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to the chosen player.
{T}: Stuffy Doll deals 1 damage to itself."			Time Spiral	264	rare	Dave Allsop		
Voidstone Gargoyle	3WW	5	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
As Voidstone Gargoyle enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card name.
Spells with the chosen name can't be cast.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can't be activated."	W	W	Planar Chaos	21	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Aeon Chronicler	3UU	5	Creature ? Avatar	"Aeon Chronicler's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
Suspend X?{X}{3}{U}. X can't be 0. (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {X}{3}{U} and exile it with X time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever a time counter is removed from Aeon Chronicler while it's exiled, draw a card."	U	U	Planar Chaos	32	rare	Dan Dos Santos		
Serra Sphinx	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying, vigilance"	U	U	Planar Chaos	62	rare	Daren Bader		
Magus of the Coffers	4B	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}, {T}: Add {B} for each Swamp you control."	B	B	Planar Chaos	73	rare	Don Hazeltine		
Roiling Horror	3BB	5	Creature ? Horror	"Roiling Horror's power and toughness are each equal to your life total minus the life total of an opponent with the most life.
Suspend X?{X}{B}{B}{B}. X can't be 0. (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {X}{B}{B}{B} and exile it with X time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever a time counter is removed from Roiling Horror while it's exiled, target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Planar Chaos	79	rare	John Avon		
Torchling	3RR	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{R}: Untap Torchling.
{R}: Target creature blocks Torchling this turn if able.
{R}: Change the target of target spell that targets only Torchling.
{1}: Torchling gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{1}: Torchling gets -1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Planar Chaos	110	rare	rk post		
Molten Firebird	4R	5	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Molten Firebird dies, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step and you skip your next draw step.
{4}{R}: Exile Molten Firebird."	R	R	Planar Chaos	117	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Magus of the Future	2UUU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
You may play the top card of your library."	U	U	Future Sight	40	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Cairn Wanderer	4B	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
As long as a creature card with flying is in a graveyard, Cairn Wanderer has flying. The same is true for fear, first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, landwalk, lifelink, protection, reach, trample, shroud, and vigilance."	B	B	Lorwyn	105	rare	Nils Hamm		
Chandra Nalaar	3RR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Chandra Nalaar deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
?X: Chandra Nalaar deals X damage to target creature.
?8: Chandra Nalaar deals 10 damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls."	R	R	Lorwyn	159	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Timber Protector	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Other Treefolk creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other Treefolk and Forests you control have indestructible."	G	G	Lorwyn	238	rare	Terese Nielsen & Philip Tan		
Horde of Notions	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Vigilance, trample, haste
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: You may play target Elemental card from your graveyard without paying its mana cost."	W	W	Lorwyn	249	rare	Adam Rex		
Nath of the Gilt-Leaf	3BG	5	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have target opponent discard a card at random.
Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	G	G	Lorwyn	250	rare	Kev Walker		
Battletide Alchemist	3WW	5	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	"If a source would deal damage to a player, you may prevent X of that damage, where X is the number of Clerics you control."	W	W	Morningtide	2	rare	Steve Prescott		
Stonehewer Giant	3WW	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Vigilance
{1}{W}, {T}: Search your library for an Equipment card and put it onto the battlefield. Attach it to a creature you control. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Morningtide	24	rare	Steve Prescott		
Earwig Squad	3BB	5	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Prowl {2}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Goblin or Rogue.)
When Earwig Squad enters the battlefield, if its prowl cost was paid, search target opponent's library for three cards and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Morningtide	60	rare	Warren Mahy		
Fendeep Summoner	4B	5	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	{T}: Up to two target Swamps each become 3/5 Treefolk Warrior creatures in addition to their other types until end of turn.	B	B	Morningtide	61	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Gilt-Leaf Archdruid	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever you cast a Druid spell, you may draw a card.
Tap seven untapped Druids you control: Gain control of all lands target player controls."	G	G	Morningtide	124	rare	Steve Prescott		
Reach of Branches	4G	5	Tribal Instant ? Treefolk	"Create a 2/5 green Treefolk Shaman creature token.
Whenever a Forest enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Reach of Branches from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Morningtide	132	rare	Scott Hampton		
Boon Reflection	4W	5	Enchantment	"If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead."	W	W	Shadowmoor	5	rare	Terese Nielsen & Ron Spencer		
River Kelpie	3UU	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever River Kelpie or another permanent enters the battlefield from a graveyard, draw a card.
Whenever a player casts a spell from a graveyard, draw a card.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	49	rare	Jeff Easley		
Polluted Bonds	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, that player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Shadowmoor	74	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Puppeteer Clique	3BB	5	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
When Puppeteer Clique enters the battlefield, put target creature card from an opponent's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. It gains haste. At the beginning of your next end step, exile it.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Shadowmoor	75	rare	Daren Bader		
Furystoke Giant	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Furystoke Giant enters the battlefield, other creatures you control gain ""{T}: This creature deals 2 damage to any target"" until end of turn.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	93	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Enchanted Evening	3W/UW/U	5	Enchantment	All permanents are enchantments in addition to their other types.	W	W	Shadowmoor	140	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Dire Undercurrents	3U/BU/B	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a blue creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target player draw a card.
Whenever a black creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target player discard a card."	U	U	Shadowmoor	159	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Ghastlord of Fugue	U/BU/BU/BU/BU/B	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Ghastlord of Fugue can't be blocked.
Whenever Ghastlord of Fugue deals combat damage to a player, that player reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player exiles that card."	U	U	Shadowmoor	162	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Oversoul of Dusk	G/WG/WG/WG/WG/W	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Protection from blue, from black, and from red"	W	W	Shadowmoor	234	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Archon of Justice	3WW	5	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
When Archon of Justice dies, exile target permanent."	W	W	Eventide	1	rare	Jason Chan		
Thunderblust	2RRR	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste
Thunderblust has trample as long as it has a -1/-1 counter on it.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Eventide	63	rare	Dan Scott		
Evershrike	3W/BW/B	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Flying
Evershrike gets +2/+2 for each Aura attached to it.
{X}{W/B}{W/B}: Return Evershrike from your graveyard to the battlefield. You may put an Aura card with converted mana cost X or less from your hand onto the battlefield attached to it. If you don't, exile Evershrike."	W	W	Eventide	88	rare	Dan Dos Santos		
Dominus of Fealty	U/RU/RU/RU/RU/R	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may gain control of target permanent until end of turn. If you do, untap it and it gains haste until end of turn."	U	U	Eventide	102	rare	Kev Walker		
Sapling of Colfenor	3B/GB/G	5	Legendary Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Indestructible
Whenever Sapling of Colfenor attacks, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, you gain life equal to that card's toughness, lose life equal to its power, then put it into your hand."	G	G	Eventide	128	rare	John Avon		
Nobilis of War	R/WR/WR/WR/WR/W	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Flying
Attacking creatures you control get +2/+0."	W	W	Eventide	144	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Overbeing of Myth	G/UG/UG/UG/UG/U	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Overbeing of Myth's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card."	U	U	Eventide	157	rare	Chippy		
Battlegrace Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, it gains lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Shards of Alara	6	rare	Matt Stewart		
Knight-Captain of Eos	4W	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"When Knight-Captain of Eos enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.
{W}, Sacrifice a Soldier: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	W	W	Shards of Alara	17	rare	Chris Rahn		
Scourglass	3WW	5	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Scourglass: Destroy all permanents except for artifacts and lands. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	W	W	Shards of Alara	25	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Caldera Hellion	3RR	5	Creature ? Hellion	"Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Caldera Hellion enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to each creature."	R	R	Shards of Alara	95	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Where Ancients Tread	4R	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with power 5 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Where Ancients Tread deal 5 damage to any target."	R	R	Shards of Alara	122	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Mycoloth	3GG	5	Creature ? Fungus	"Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each +1/+1 counter on Mycoloth."	G	G	Shards of Alara	140	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Skullmulcher	4G	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Skullmulcher enters the battlefield, draw a card for each creature it devoured."	G	G	Shards of Alara	148	rare	Michael Ryan		
Minion Reflector	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {2}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that creature, except it has haste and ""At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this permanent."""			Shards of Alara	211	rare	Mark Tedin		
Voracious Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Voracious Dragon enters the battlefield, it deals damage to any target equal to twice the number of Goblins it devoured."	R	R	Conflux	75	rare	Dominick Domingo		
Sphinx Summoner	3UB	5	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Sphinx Summoner enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact creature card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	U	U	Conflux	127	rare	Jaime Jones		
Nemesis of Reason	3UB	5	Creature ? Leviathan Horror	"Whenever Nemesis of Reason attacks, defending player puts the top ten cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Alara Reborn	28	rare	Mark Tedin		
Lightning Reaver	3BR	5	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"Haste; fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever Lightning Reaver deals combat damage to a player, put a charge counter on it.
At the beginning of your end step, Lightning Reaver deals damage equal to the number of charge counters on it to each opponent."	R	R	Alara Reborn	42	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Blitz Hellion	3RG	5	Creature ? Hellion	"Trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, Blitz Hellion's owner shuffles it into their library."	R	R	Alara Reborn	49	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Predatory Advantage	3RG	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each opponent's end step, if that player didn't cast a creature spell this turn, create a 2/2 green Lizard creature token."	R	R	Alara Reborn	58	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Spellbound Dragon	3UR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Spellbound Dragon attacks, draw a card, then discard a card. Spellbound Dragon gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the discarded card's converted mana cost."	U	U	Alara Reborn	90	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Sages of the Anima	3GU	5	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"If you would draw a card, instead reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Alara Reborn	103	rare	Kev Walker		
Finest Hour	2GWU	5	Enchantment	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, if it's the first combat phase of the turn, untap that creature. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	W	W	Alara Reborn	126	rare	Michael Komarck		
World Queller	3WW	5	Creature ? Avatar	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may choose a card type. If you do, each player sacrifices a permanent of that type."	W	W	Zendikar	39	rare	James Paick		
Sea Gate Loremaster	4U	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard Ally	{T}: Draw a card for each Ally you control.	U	U	Zendikar	63	rare	Dave Kendall		
Sphinx of Lost Truths	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Kicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Sphinx of Lost Truths enters the battlefield, draw three cards. Then if it wasn't kicked, discard three cards."	U	U	Zendikar	69	rare	Shelly Wan		
Halo Hunter	2BBB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
When Halo Hunter enters the battlefield, destroy target Angel."	B	B	Zendikar	96	rare	Chris Rahn		
Kazuul Warlord	4R	5	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior Ally	"Whenever Kazuul Warlord or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each Ally creature you control."	R	R	Zendikar	134	rare	Kev Walker		
Gigantiform	3GG	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Kicker {4}
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has base power and toughness 8/8 and has trample.
When Gigantiform enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, you may search your library for a card named Gigantiform, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Zendikar	162	rare	Justin Sweet		
Turntimber Ranger	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Scout Ally	"Whenever Turntimber Ranger or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Turntimber Ranger."	G	G	Zendikar	191	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Archon of Redemption	3WW	5	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
Whenever Archon of Redemption or another creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain life equal to that creature's power."	W	W	Worldwake	3	rare	Steven Belledin		
"Anowon, the Ruin Sage"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each player sacrifices a non-Vampire creature."	B	B	Worldwake	49	rare	Dan Scott		
"Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls attacks, if you're the defending player, create a 3/3 red Ogre creature token unless that creature's controller pays {3}."	R	R	Worldwake	84	rare	Paul Bonner		
Near-Death Experience	2WWW	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have exactly 1 life, you win the game."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	38	rare	Dan Scott		
Gravitational Shift	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Creatures with flying get +2/+0.
Creatures without flying get -2/-0."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	69	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Flying
{X}{B}{B}: Target creature gets -0/-X until end of turn and Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief gets +X/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	107	rare	Mike Bierek		
Magmaw	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental	"{1}, Sacrifice a nonland permanent: Magmaw deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	158	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Angelheart Vial	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever you're dealt damage, you may put that many charge counters on Angelheart Vial.
{2}, {T}, Remove four charge counters from Angelheart Vial: You gain 2 life and draw a card."			Rise of the Eldrazi	215	rare	Chippy		
Inexorable Tide	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a spell, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	35	rare	Dave Kendall		
Painful Quandary	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player loses 5 life unless they discard a card."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	73	rare	Whit Brachna		
Kuldotha Phoenix	2RRR	5	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying, haste
Metalcraft ? {4}: Return Kuldotha Phoenix from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only if you control three or more artifacts."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	95	rare	Mike Bierek		
Asceticism	3GG	5	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate target creature."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	110	rare	Daarken		
Putrefax	3GG	5	Creature ? Horror	"Trample, haste
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Putrefax."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	126	rare	Steven Belledin		
Darksteel Juggernaut	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Indestructible
Darksteel Juggernaut's power and toughness are each equal to the number of artifacts you control.
Darksteel Juggernaut attacks each combat if able."			Scars of Mirrodin	150	rare	Randis Albion		
Kuldotha Forgemaster	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"{T}, Sacrifice three artifacts: Search your library for an artifact card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."			Scars of Mirrodin	169	rare	jD		
Precursor Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When Precursor Golem enters the battlefield, create two 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature tokens.
Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell that targets only a single Golem, that player copies that spell for each other Golem that spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of those Golems."			Scars of Mirrodin	194	rare	Chippy		
Venser's Journal	5	5	Artifact	"You have no maximum hand size.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life for each card in your hand."			Scars of Mirrodin	220	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Galvanoth	3RR	5	Creature ? Beast	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it's an instant or sorcery card, you may cast it without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	62	rare	Kev Walker		
Phyrexian Hydra	3GG	5	Creature ? Hydra	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
If damage would be dealt to Phyrexian Hydra, prevent that damage. Put a -1/-1 counter on Phyrexian Hydra for each 1 damage prevented this way."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	85	rare	Mike Bierek		
Mirrorworks	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever another nontoken artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {2}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that artifact."			Mirrodin Besieged	114	rare	John Avon		
Myr Turbine	5	5	Artifact	"{T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token.
{T}, Tap five untapped Myr you control: Search your library for a Myr creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Mirrodin Besieged	117	rare	Randis Albion		
Psychosis Crawler	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Horror	"Psychosis Crawler's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
Whenever you draw a card, each opponent loses 1 life."			Mirrodin Besieged	126	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Invader Parasite	3RR	5	Creature ? Insect	"Imprint ? When Invader Parasite enters the battlefield, exile target land.
Whenever a land with the same name as the exiled card enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, Invader Parasite deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	New Phyrexia	87	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
"Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer"	3RW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"First strike
Metalcraft ? Creatures you control get +3/+0 as long as you control three or more artifacts."	W	W	New Phyrexia	128	rare	Austin Hsu		
Angel of Flight Alabaster	4W	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, return target Spirit card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Innistrad	2	rare	Howard Lyon		
Geist-Honored Monk	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Monk	"Vigilance
Geist-Honored Monk's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.
When Geist-Honored Monk enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying."	W	W	Innistrad	17	rare	Clint Cearley		
Sturmgeist	3UU	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Sturmgeist's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
Whenever Sturmgeist deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Innistrad	82	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Heretic's Punishment	4R	5	Enchantment	"{3}{R}: Choose any target, then put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard. Heretic's Punishment deals damage to that permanent or player equal to the highest converted mana cost among those cards."	R	R	Innistrad	147	rare	Vincent Proce		
Gutter Grime	4G	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, put a slime counter on Gutter Grime, then create a green Ooze creature token with ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of slime counters on Gutter Grime."""	G	G	Innistrad	186	rare	Erica Yang		
Kessig Cagebreakers	4G	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Kessig Cagebreakers attacks, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token that's tapped and attacking for each creature card in your graveyard."	G	G	Innistrad	189	rare	Wayne England		
Creepy Doll	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Indestructible
Whenever Creepy Doll deals combat damage to a creature, flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy that creature."			Innistrad	220	rare	Matt Stewart		
Manor Gargoyle	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Defender
Manor Gargoyle has indestructible as long as it has defender.
{1}: Until end of turn, Manor Gargoyle loses defender and gains flying."			Innistrad	228	rare	Matt Stewart		
Curse of Echoes	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player casts an instant or sorcery spell, each other player may copy that spell and may choose new targets for the copy they control."	U	U	Dark Ascension	34	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Curse of Misfortunes	4B	5	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may search your library for a Curse card that doesn't have the same name as a Curse attached to enchanted player, put it onto the battlefield attached to that player, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Dark Ascension	56	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Fiend of the Shadows	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Fiend of the Shadows deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles a card from their hand. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.
Sacrifice a Human: Regenerate Fiend of the Shadows."	B	B	Dark Ascension	62	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Curse of Bloodletting	3RR	5	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
If a source would deal damage to enchanted player, it deals double that damage to that player instead."	R	R	Dark Ascension	85	rare	Michael C. Hayes		
Lost in the Woods	3GG	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a Forest card, remove that creature from combat. Then put the revealed card on the bottom of your library."	G	G	Dark Ascension	123	rare	Matt Stewart		
Herald of War	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Herald of War attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Angel spells and Human spells you cast cost {1} less to cast for each +1/+1 counter on Herald of War."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	24	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Arcane Melee	4U	5	Enchantment	Instant and sorcery spells cost {2} less to cast.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	44	rare	Jaime Jones		
Lone Revenant	3UU	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Whenever Lone Revenant deals combat damage to a player, if you control no other creatures, look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	64	rare	Jaime Jones		
Demonic Rising	3BB	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, if you control exactly one creature, create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	94	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Dread Slaver	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Whenever a creature dealt damage by Dread Slaver this turn dies, return it to the battlefield under your control. That creature is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	98	rare	Dave Kendall		
Zealous Conscripts	4R	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Haste
When Zealous Conscripts enters the battlefield, gain control of target permanent until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	166	rare	Steve Prescott		
Wolfir Silverheart	3GG	5	Creature ? Wolf Warrior	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Wolfir Silverheart is paired with another creature, each of those creatures gets +4/+4."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	206	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Search the City	4U	5	Enchantment	"When Search the City enters the battlefield, exile the top five cards of your library.
Whenever you play a card with the same name as one of the exiled cards, you may put one of those cards with that name into its owner's hand. Then if there are no cards exiled with Search the City, sacrifice it. If you do, take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	49	rare	Jack Wang		
Hypersonic Dragon	3UR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
You may cast sorcery spells as though they had flash. (You may cast them any time you could cast an instant.)"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	170	rare	Dan Scott		
Mercurial Chemister	3UR	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Draw two cards.
{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Mercurial Chemister deals damage to target creature equal to the discarded card's converted mana cost."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	180	rare	Wesley Burt		
Righteous Authority	3WU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each card in its controller's hand.
At the beginning of the draw step of enchanted creature's controller, that player draws an additional card."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	189	rare	Scott Chou		
Azor's Elocutors	3W/UW/U	5	Creature ? Human Advisor	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a filibuster counter on Azor's Elocutors. Then if Azor's Elocutors has five or more filibuster counters on it, you win the game.
Whenever a source deals damage to you, remove a filibuster counter from Azor's Elocutors."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	210	rare	Johannes Voss		
Ogre Slumlord	3BB	5	Creature ? Ogre Rogue	"Whenever another nontoken creature dies, you may create a 1/1 black Rat creature token.
Rats you control have deathtouch."	B	B	Gatecrash	74	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Wrecking Ogre	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Double strike
Bloodrush ? {3}{R}{R}, Discard Wrecking Ogre: Target attacking creature gets +3/+3 and gains double strike until end of turn."	R	R	Gatecrash	112	rare	Nils Hamm		
Assemble the Legion	3RW	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a muster counter on Assemble the Legion. Then create a 1/1 red and white Soldier creature token with haste for each muster counter on Assemble the Legion."	W	W	Gatecrash	142	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Consuming Aberration	3UB	5	Creature ? Horror	"Consuming Aberration's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your opponents' graveyards.
Whenever you cast a spell, each opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard."	U	U	Gatecrash	152	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Scion of Vitu-Ghazi	3WW	5	Creature ? Elemental	"When Scion of Vitu-Ghazi enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying, then populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	7	rare	Willian Murai		
Lavinia of the Tenth	3WU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Protection from red
When Lavinia of the Tenth enters the battlefield, detain each nonland permanent your opponents control with converted mana cost 4 or less. (Until your next turn, those permanents can't attack or block and their activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	80	rare	Willian Murai		
"Mirko Vosk, Mind Drinker"	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever Mirko Vosk, Mind Drinker deals combat damage to a player, that player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal four land cards, then puts those cards into their graveyard."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	85	rare	Chase Stone		
Zhur-Taa Ancient	3RG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	119	rare	Adam Paquette		
Celestial Archon	3WW	5	Enchantment Creature ? Archon	"Bestow {5}{W}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Flying, first strike
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4 and has flying and first strike."	W	W	Theros	3	rare	Matt Stewart		
Prognostic Sphinx	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Discard a card: Prognostic Sphinx gains hexproof until end of turn. Tap it.
Whenever Prognostic Sphinx attacks, scry 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Theros	60	rare	Steve Prescott		
"Anthousa, Setessan Hero"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Anthousa, Setessan Hero, up to three target lands you control each become 2/2 Warrior creatures until end of turn. They're still lands."	G	G	Theros	149	rare	Howard Lyon		
Arbor Colossus	2GGG	5	Creature ? Giant	"Reach
{3}{G}{G}{G}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Arbor Colossus becomes monstrous, destroy target creature with flying an opponent controls."	G	G	Theros	150	rare	Jaime Jones		
Perplexing Chimera	4U	5	Enchantment Creature ? Chimera	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may exchange control of Perplexing Chimera and that spell. If you do, you may choose new targets for the spell. (If the spell becomes a permanent, you control that permanent.)"	U	U	Born of the Gods	48	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Heroes' Podium	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"Each legendary creature you control gets +1/+1 for each other legendary creature you control.
{X}, {T}: Look at the top X cards of your library. You may reveal a legendary creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."			Born of the Gods	159	rare	Willian Murai		
Skybind	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Constellation ? Whenever Skybind or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, exile target nonenchantment permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	25	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Heroes' Bane	3GG	5	Creature ? Hydra	"Heroes' Bane enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}{G}{G}: Put X +1/+1 counters on Heroes' Bane, where X is its power."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	126	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Molder Slug	3GG	5	Creature ? Slug Beast	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices an artifact."	G	G	Mirrodin	125	rare	Heather Hudson		
Blinkmoth Urn	5	5	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's precombat main phase, if Blinkmoth Urn is untapped, that player adds {C} for each artifact they control."			Mirrodin	145	rare	David Martin		
Leveler	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"When Leveler enters the battlefield, exile all cards from your library."			Mirrodin	195	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Mind's Eye	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever an opponent draws a card, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card."			Mirrodin	205	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Myr Matrix	5	5	Artifact	"Indestructible (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this artifact.)
Myr creatures get +1/+1.
{5}: Create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token."			Darksteel	132	rare	Mark Tedin		
Clearwater Goblet	5	5	Artifact	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may gain life equal to the number of charge counters on Clearwater Goblet."			Fifth Dawn	109	rare	Dany Orizio		
"Azami, Lady of Scrolls"	2UUU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	Tap an untapped Wizard you control: Draw a card.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	52	rare	Ittoku		
Marrow-Gnawer	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Rat Rogue	"Rat creatures have fear. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
{T}, Sacrifice a Rat: Create X 1/1 black Rat creature tokens, where X is the number of Rats you control."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	124	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Seizan, Perverter of Truth"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player loses 2 life and draws two cards."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	143	rare	Kev Walker		
"Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker"	2RRR	5	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Haste
{T}: Create a token that's a copy of target nonlegendary creature you control, except it has haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	175	rare	Pete Venters		
Through the Breach	4R	5	Instant ? Arcane	"You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step.
Splice onto Arcane {2}{R}{R} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	193	rare	Hugh Jamieson		
Kodama of the North Tree	2GGG	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Trample
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	222	rare	Shishizaru		
"Higure, the Still Wind"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Ninja	"Ninjutsu {2}{U}{U} ({2}{U}{U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Higure, the Still Wind deals combat damage to a player, you may search your library for a Ninja card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.
{2}: Target Ninja creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	37	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Heartless Hidetsugu	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Ogre Shaman	"{T}: Heartless Hidetsugu deals damage to each player equal to half that player's life total, rounded down."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	107	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Mirror Gallery	5	5	Artifact	"The ""legend rule"" doesn't apply."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	154	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Ornate Kanzashi	5	5	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target opponent exiles the top card of their library. You may play that card this turn."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	157	rare	Heather Hudson		
"Ayumi, the Last Visitor"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	Legendary landwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a legendary land.)	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	122	rare	rk post		
Doubling Season	4G	5	Enchantment	"If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.
If an effect would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, it puts twice that many of those counters on that permanent instead."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	158	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Ursapine	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	{G}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	188	rare	Jim Murray		
"Agrus Kos, Wojek Veteran"	3RW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Agrus Kos, Wojek Veteran attacks, attacking red creatures get +2/+0 and attacking white creatures get +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	190	rare	Donato Giancola		
Privileged Position	2G/WG/WG/W	5	Enchantment	"({G/W} can be paid with either {G} or {W}.)
Other permanents you control have hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	251	rare	Wayne England		
Spelltithe Enforcer	3WW	5	Creature ? Elephant Wizard	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player sacrifices a permanent unless they pay {1}."	W	W	Guildpact	18	rare	Greg Staples		
Lovisa Coldeyes	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human	"Each creature that's a Barbarian, a Warrior, or a Berserker gets +2/+2 and has haste."	R	R	Coldsnap	90	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Diamond Faerie	2GWU	5	Snow Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
{1}{S}: Snow creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	W	W	Coldsnap	128	rare	Heather Hudson		
Thrumming Stone	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"Spells you cast have ripple 4. (Whenever you cast a spell, you may reveal the top four cards of your library. You may cast any revealed cards with the same name as the spell without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library.)"			Coldsnap	142	rare	Rob Alexander		
Magus of the Jar	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Sacrifice Magus of the Jar: Each player exiles all cards from their hand face down and draws seven cards. At the beginning of the next end step, each player discards their hand and returns to their hand each card they exiled this way."	U	U	Time Spiral	67	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
"Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir"	2UUU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Creature cards you own that aren't on the battlefield have flash.
Each opponent can cast spells only any time they could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Time Spiral	83	rare	D. Alexander Gregory & Jeremy Jarvis		
Gauntlet of Power	5	5	Artifact	"As Gauntlet of Power enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Creatures of the chosen color get +1/+1.
Whenever a basic land is tapped for mana of the chosen color, its controller adds an additional one mana of that color."			Time Spiral	255	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Body Double	4U	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	You may have Body Double enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature card in a graveyard.	U	U	Planar Chaos	35	rare	Steve Prescott		
Sliver Legion	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +1/+1 for each other Sliver on the battlefield.	W	W	Future Sight	158	rare	Ron Spears		
Reveillark	4W	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Reveillark leaves the battlefield, return up to two target creature cards with power 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Evoke {5}{W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	W	W	Morningtide	22	rare	Jim Murray		
Greatbow Doyen	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Other Archer creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever an Archer you control deals damage to a creature, that Archer deals that much damage to that creature's controller."	G	G	Morningtide	125	rare	Steven Belledin		
Godhead of Awe	W/UW/UW/UW/UW/U	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Flying
Other creatures have base power and toughness 1/1."	W	W	Shadowmoor	142	rare	Mark Zug		
Demigod of Revenge	B/RB/RB/RB/RB/R	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"When you cast this spell, return all cards named Demigod of Revenge from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Flying, haste"	R	R	Shadowmoor	183	rare	Jim Murray		
Deus of Calamity	R/GR/GR/GR/GR/G	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Trample
Whenever Deus of Calamity deals 6 or more damage to an opponent, destroy target land that player controls."	R	R	Shadowmoor	204	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Cauldron of Souls	5	5	Artifact	"{T}: Choose any number of target creatures. Each of those creatures gains persist until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"			Shadowmoor	248	rare	Ron Brown		
Deathbringer Liege	2W/BW/BW/B	5	Creature ? Horror	"Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other black creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever you cast a white spell, you may tap target creature.
Whenever you cast a black spell, you may destroy target creature if it's tapped."	W	W	Eventide	85	rare	Drew Tucker		
Divinity of Pride	W/BW/BW/BW/BW/B	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Flying, lifelink
Divinity of Pride gets +4/+4 as long as you have 25 or more life."	W	W	Eventide	86	rare	Greg Staples		
Deity of Scars	B/GB/GB/GB/GB/G	5	Creature ? Spirit Avatar	"Trample
Deity of Scars enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it.
{B/G}, Remove a -1/-1 counter from Deity of Scars: Regenerate Deity of Scars."	G	G	Eventide	118	rare	Steve Prescott		
Balefire Liege	2R/WR/WR/W	5	Creature ? Spirit Horror	"Other red creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever you cast a red spell, Balefire Liege deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Whenever you cast a white spell, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Eventide	132	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Murkfiend Liege	2G/UG/UG/U	5	Creature ? Horror	"Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.
Untap all green and/or blue creatures you control during each other player's untap step."	U	U	Eventide	156	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Archive Trap	3UU	5	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent searched their library this turn, you may pay {0} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target opponent puts the top thirteen cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Zendikar	41	rare	Jason Felix		
Malakir Bloodwitch	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Flying, protection from white
When Malakir Bloodwitch enters the battlefield, each opponent loses life equal to the number of Vampires you control. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Zendikar	100	rare	Shelly Wan		
Norn's Annex	3W/PW/P	5	Artifact	"({W/P} can be paid with either {W} or 2 life.)
Creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays {W/P} for each of those creatures."	W	W	New Phyrexia	17	rare	James Paick		
Xenograft	4U	5	Enchantment	"As Xenograft enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Each creature you control is the chosen type in addition to its other types."	U	U	New Phyrexia	51	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Bloodgift Demon	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, target player draws a card and loses 1 life."	B	B	Innistrad	89	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Curse of Death's Hold	3BB	5	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Creatures enchanted player controls get -1/-1."	B	B	Innistrad	94	rare	Clint Cearley		
Falkenrath Marauders	3RR	5	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Flying, haste
Whenever Falkenrath Marauders deals combat damage to a player, put two +1/+1 counters on it."	R	R	Innistrad	141	rare	James Ryman		
Cathars' Crusade	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	10	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Exquisite Blood	4B	5	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent loses life, you gain that much life."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	102	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Conjurer's Closet	5	5	Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, you may exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control."			Avacyn Restored	214	rare	Jason Felix		
Possibility Storm	3RR	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell from their hand, that player exiles it, then exiles cards from the top of their library until they exile a card that shares a card type with it. That player may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then they put all cards exiled with Possibility Storm on the bottom of their library in a random order."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	34	rare	Jason Felix		
Dictate of Heliod	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Flash
Creatures you control get +2/+2."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	8	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Dictate of Erebos	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Flash
Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	65	rare	Michael C. Hayes		
Doomwake Giant	4B	5	Enchantment Creature ? Giant	"Constellation ? Whenever Doomwake Giant or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	66	rare	Kev Walker		
Dictate of the Twin Gods	3RR	5	Enchantment	"Flash
If a source would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	93	rare	Jaime Jones		
Dictate of Karametra	3GG	5	Enchantment	"Flash
Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	121	rare	Noah Bradley		
Liliana Vess	3BB	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Target player discards a card.
?2: Search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
?8: Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Lorwyn	121	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Sigil of the Empty Throne	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying."	W	W	Conflux	18	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Woebearer	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever Woebearer deals combat damage to a player, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Mirrodin	83	uncommon	Matt Thompson		
Clockwork Vorrac	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Boar Beast	"Trample
Clockwork Vorrac enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Clockwork Vorrac attacks or blocks, remove a +1/+1 counter from it at end of combat.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Clockwork Vorrac."			Mirrodin	156	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Farsight Mask	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever a source an opponent controls deals damage to you, if Farsight Mask is untapped, you may draw a card."			Mirrodin	170	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Myr Prototype	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Myr Prototype.
Myr Prototype can't attack or block unless you pay {1} for each +1/+1 counter on it."			Mirrodin	214	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Thought Prison	5	5	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Thought Prison enters the battlefield, you may have target player reveal their hand. If you do, choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.
Whenever a player casts a spell that shares a color or converted mana cost with the exiled card, Thought Prison deals 2 damage to that player."			Mirrodin	261	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Infested Roothold	4G	5	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Protection from artifacts
Whenever an opponent casts an artifact spell, you may create a 1/1 green Insect creature token."	G	G	Darksteel	76	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Loxodon Stalwart	3WW	5	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"Vigilance
{W}: Loxodon Stalwart gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	11	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Spinal Parasite	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
Remove two +1/+1 counters from Spinal Parasite: Remove a counter from target permanent."			Fifth Dawn	155	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Horizon Seed	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, regenerate target creature."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	15	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Innocence Kami	3WW	5	Creature ? Spirit	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature.
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, untap Innocence Kami."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	18	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Honden of Seeing Winds	4U	5	Legendary Enchantment ? Shrine	"At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card for each Shrine you control."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	69	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Soratami Seer	4U	5	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{4}, Return two lands you control to their owner's hand: Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	91	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Dance of Shadows	3BB	5	Sorcery ? Arcane	Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	108	uncommon	Chippy		
Gutwrencher Oni	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon Spirit	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, discard a card if you don't control an Ogre."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	113	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Painwracker Oni	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon Spirit	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature if you don't control an Ogre."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	136	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Blood Rites	3RR	5	Enchantment	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice a creature: Blood Rites deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	159	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Kumano's Pupils	4R	5	Creature ? Human Shaman	"If a creature dealt damage by Kumano's Pupils this turn would die, exile it instead."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	177	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Ore Gorger	3RR	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	182	uncommon	rk post		
Feast of Worms	3GG	5	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Destroy target land. If that land was legendary, its controller sacrifices another land."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	207	uncommon	Chippy		
Honden of Life's Web	4G	5	Legendary Enchantment ? Shrine	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token for each Shrine you control."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	213	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Strength of Cedars	4G	5	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of lands you control."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	245	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Heed the Mists	3UU	5	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Put the top card of your library into your graveyard, then draw cards equal to that card's converted mana cost."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	36	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Three Tragedies	3BB	5	Sorcery ? Arcane	Target player discards three cards.	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	87	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Throat Slitter	4B	5	Creature ? Rat Ninja	"Ninjutsu {2}{B} ({2}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Throat Slitter deals combat damage to a player, destroy target nonblack creature that player controls."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	88	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Ronin Cliffrider	3RR	5	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Ronin Cliffrider attacks, you may have it deal 1 damage to each creature defending player controls."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	116	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Forked-Branch Garami	3GG	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Soulshift 4, soulshift 4 (When this creature dies, you may return up to two target Spirit cards with converted mana cost 4 or less from your graveyard to your hand.)"	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	125	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Charge Across the Araba	4W	5	Instant ? Arcane	Sweep ? Return any number of Plains you control to their owner's hand. Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn for each Plains returned this way.	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	4	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Kiri-Onna	4U	5	Creature ? Spirit	"When Kiri-Onna enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner's hand.
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may return Kiri-Onna to its owner's hand."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	43	uncommon	Kensuke Okabayashi		
Kemuri-Onna	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	"When Kemuri-Onna enters the battlefield, target player discards a card.
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may return Kemuri-Onna to its owner's hand."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	76	uncommon	Ittoku		
Briarknit Kami	3GG	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	124	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Soratami Cloud Chariot	5	5	Artifact	"{2}: Target creature you control gains flying until end of turn.
{2}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by target creature you control this turn."			Saviors of Kamigawa	160	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Divebomber Griffin	3WW	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{T}, Sacrifice Divebomber Griffin: It deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	14	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Belltower Sphinx	4U	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever a source deals damage to Belltower Sphinx, that source's controller puts that many cards from the top of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	38	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Undercity Shade	4B	5	Creature ? Shade	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
{B}: Undercity Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	110	uncommon	Dana Knutson		
Blockbuster	3RR	5	Enchantment	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice Blockbuster: It deals 3 damage to each tapped creature and each player."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	115	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Greater Forgeling	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental	{1}{R}: Greater Forgeling gets +3/-3 until end of turn.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	129	uncommon	Marcelo Vignali		
Dowsing Shaman	4G	5	Creature ? Centaur Shaman	"{2}{G}, {T}: Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	159	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Perilous Forays	3GG	5	Enchantment	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a land card with a basic land type and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	176	uncommon	Chris Dien		
Selesnya Sagittars	3GW	5	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Selesnya Sagittars can block an additional creature each combat."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	229	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Glass Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem				Ravnica: City of Guilds	261	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Belfry Spirit	3WW	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Belfry Spirit enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, create two 1/1 black Bat creature tokens with flying."	W	W	Guildpact	2	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Stratozeppelid	4U	5	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
Stratozeppelid can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Guildpact	36	uncommon	Ittoku		
Revenant Patriarch	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	"When Revenant Patriarch enters the battlefield, if {W} was spent to cast it, target player skips their next combat phase.
Revenant Patriarch can't block."	B	W	Guildpact	59	uncommon	Nick Percival		
Agent of Masks	3WB	5	Creature ? Human Advisor	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	W	W	Guildpact	100	uncommon	Matt Thompson		
Indrik Stomphowler	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"When Indrik Stomphowler enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Dissension	86	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Leafdrake Roost	3GU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{G}{U}, {T}: Create a 2/2 green and blue Drake creature token with flying."""	U	U	Dissension	116	uncommon	Nick Percival		
Palliation Accord	3WU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, put a shield counter on Palliation Accord.
Remove a shield counter from Palliation Accord: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to you this turn."	W	W	Dissension	122	uncommon	William Simpson		
Sky Hussar	3WU	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying
When Sky Hussar enters the battlefield, untap all creatures you control.
Forecast ? Tap two untapped white and/or blue creatures you control, Reveal Sky Hussar from your hand: Draw a card. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Dissension	131	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Ursine Fylgja	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit Bear	"Ursine Fylgja enters the battlefield with four healing counters on it.
Remove a healing counter from Ursine Fylgja: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Ursine Fylgja this turn.
{2}{W}: Put a healing counter on Ursine Fylgja."	W	W	Coldsnap	22	uncommon	Yokota Katsumi		
Adarkar Windform	4U	5	Snow Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{1}{S}: Target creature loses flying until end of turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	U	U	Coldsnap	26	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Gristle Grinner	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever a creature dies, Gristle Grinner gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Coldsnap	59	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Rimehorn Aurochs	4G	5	Snow Creature ? Aurochs	"Trample
Whenever Rimehorn Aurochs attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Aurochs.
{2}{S}: Target creature blocks target creature this turn if able. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	G	G	Coldsnap	118	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Steam Spitter	4G	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{R}: Steam Spitter gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	G	R	Coldsnap	124	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Juniper Order Ranger	3GW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature and a +1/+1 counter on Juniper Order Ranger."	W	W	Coldsnap	130	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Gustcloak Cavalier	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Gustcloak Cavalier attacks, you may tap target creature.
Whenever Gustcloak Cavalier becomes blocked, you may untap Gustcloak Cavalier and remove it from combat."	W	W	Time Spiral	22	uncommon	Stuart Griffin		
Fool's Demise	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control.
When Fool's Demise is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Fool's Demise to its owner's hand."	U	U	Time Spiral	64	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Riftwing Cloudskate	3UU	5	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Riftwing Cloudskate enters the battlefield, return target permanent to its owner's hand.
Suspend 3?{1}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{U} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	73	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Stormcloud Djinn	4U	5	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Stormcloud Djinn can block only creatures with flying.
{R}{R}: Stormcloud Djinn gets +2/+0 until end of turn and deals 1 damage to you."	U	U	Time Spiral	82	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Evil Eye of Urborg	4B	5	Creature ? Eye	"Non-Eye creatures you control can't attack.
Whenever Evil Eye of Urborg becomes blocked by a creature, destroy that creature."	B	B	Time Spiral	107	uncommon	Clint Langley		
Skittering Monstrosity	3BB	5	Creature ? Horror	"When you cast a creature spell, sacrifice Skittering Monstrosity."	B	B	Time Spiral	129	uncommon	rk post		
Durkwood Tracker	4G	5	Creature ? Giant	"{1}{G}, {T}: If Durkwood Tracker is on the battlefield, it deals damage equal to its power to target attacking creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Durkwood Tracker."	G	G	Time Spiral	194	uncommon	Michael Phillippi		
Might Sliver	4G	5	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +2/+2.	G	G	Time Spiral	205	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Dementia Sliver	3UB	5	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: Choose a card name. Target opponent reveals a card at random from their hand. If that card has the chosen name, that player discards it. Activate this ability only during your turn."""	U	U	Time Spiral	236	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Clockwork Hydra	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Hydra	"Clockwork Hydra enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Clockwork Hydra attacks or blocks, remove a +1/+1 counter from it. If you do, Clockwork Hydra deals 1 damage to any target.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Clockwork Hydra."			Time Spiral	253	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Stormfront Riders	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
When Stormfront Riders enters the battlefield, return two creatures you control to their owner's hand.
Whenever Stormfront Riders or another creature is returned to your hand from the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Planar Chaos	20	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Muck Drubb	3BB	5	Creature ? Beast	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Muck Drubb enters the battlefield, change the target of target spell that targets only a single creature to Muck Drubb.
Madness {2}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Planar Chaos	76	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Changeling Hero	4W	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Champion a creature (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another creature you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	9	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Cloudgoat Ranger	3WW	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Cloudgoat Ranger enters the battlefield, create three 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature tokens.
Tap three untapped Kithkin you control: Cloudgoat Ranger gets +2/+0 and gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Lorwyn	10	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Sentry Oak	4W	5	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Defender
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may clash with an opponent. If you win, Sentry Oak gets +2/+0 and loses defender until end of turn. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	38	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Hunter of Eyeblights	3BB	5	Creature ? Elf Assassin	"When Hunter of Eyeblights enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you don't control.
{2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature with a counter on it."	B	B	Lorwyn	119	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Shriekmaw	4B	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
When Shriekmaw enters the battlefield, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature.
Evoke {1}{B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	139	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Giant Harbinger	4R	5	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"When Giant Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Giant card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	R	R	Lorwyn	169	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Glarewielder	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Haste
When Glarewielder enters the battlefield, up to two target creatures can't block this turn.
Evoke {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	171	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Thundercloud Shaman	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"When Thundercloud Shaman enters the battlefield, it deals damage equal to the number of Giants you control to each non-Giant creature."	R	R	Lorwyn	195	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Changeling Titan	4G	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Champion a creature (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another creature you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	200	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Seedguide Ash	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk Druid	"When Seedguide Ash dies, you may search your library for up to three Forest cards and put them onto the battlefield tapped. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Lorwyn	235	uncommon	John Avon		
Wandering Graybeard	3WW	5	Creature ? Giant Wizard	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Wandering Graybeard, you may reveal it. If you do, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Morningtide	27	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Waterspout Weavers	3UU	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Waterspout Weavers, you may reveal it. If you do, each creature you control gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Morningtide	56	uncommon	Eric Fortune		
Nightshade Schemers	4B	5	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Nightshade Schemers, you may reveal it. If you do, each opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Morningtide	69	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Pyroclast Consul	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Pyroclast Consul, you may reveal it. If you do, Pyroclast Consul deals 2 damage to each creature."	R	R	Morningtide	96	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Resplendent Mentor	4W	5	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	"White creatures you control have ""{T}: You gain 1 life."""	W	W	Shadowmoor	19	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Biting Tether	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -1/-1 counter on enchanted creature."	U	U	Shadowmoor	29	uncommon	Thomas Denmark		
Flourishing Defenses	4G	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a -1/-1 counter is put on a creature, you may create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	G	G	Shadowmoor	114	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Glamer Spinners	4W/U	5	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
When Glamer Spinners enters the battlefield, attach all Auras enchanting target permanent to another permanent with the same controller."	W	W	Shadowmoor	141	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Kulrath Knight	3B/RB/R	5	Creature ? Elemental Knight	"Flying
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Creatures your opponents control with counters on them can't attack or block."	R	R	Shadowmoor	190	uncommon	Daarken		
Illuminated Folio	5	5	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Reveal two cards from your hand that share a color: Draw a card."			Shadowmoor	254	uncommon	Jim Pavelec		
Wicker Warcrawler	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Whenever Wicker Warcrawler attacks or blocks, put a -1/-1 counter on it at end of combat."			Shadowmoor	269	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Cache Raiders	3UU	5	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"At the beginning of your upkeep, return a permanent you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Eventide	18	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Talonrend	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{U/R}: Talonrend gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	U	U	Eventide	30	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Creakwood Ghoul	4B	5	Creature ? Plant Zombie	{B/G}{B/G}: Exile target card from a graveyard. You gain 1 life.	B	G	Eventide	34	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Outrage Shaman	3RR	5	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Chroma ? When Outrage Shaman enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target creature equal to the number of red mana symbols in the mana costs of permanents you control."	R	R	Eventide	59	uncommon	Cole Eastburn		
Marshdrinker Giant	3GG	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Marshdrinker Giant enters the battlefield, destroy target Island or Swamp an opponent controls."	G	G	Eventide	69	uncommon	Daarken		
Corpse Connoisseur	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Corpse Connoisseur enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a creature card and put that card into your graveyard. If you do, shuffle your library.
Unearth {3}{B} ({3}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Shards of Alara	68	uncommon	Mark Hyzer		
Aerie Mystics	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
{1}{G}{U}: Creatures you control gain shroud until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Conflux	1	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Fusion Elemental	WUBRG	5	Creature ? Elemental		W	W	Conflux	107	uncommon	Michael Komarck		
Skyclaw Thrash	3UR	5	Artifact Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Whenever Skyclaw Thrash attacks, flip a coin. If you win the flip, Skyclaw Thrash gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Alara Reborn	89	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Marrow Chomper	3BG	5	Creature ? Zombie Lizard	"Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Marrow Chomper enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life for each creature it devoured."	G	G	Alara Reborn	93	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Giant Ambush Beetle	3B/GR	5	Creature ? Insect	"Haste
When Giant Ambush Beetle enters the battlefield, you may have target creature block it this turn if able."	R	R	Alara Reborn	137	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Arrow Volley Trap	3WW	5	Instant ? Trap	"If four or more creatures are attacking, you may pay {1}{W} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Arrow Volley Trap deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of target attacking creatures."	W	W	Zendikar	2	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Shepherd of the Lost	4W	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike, vigilance"	W	W	Zendikar	34	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Seascape Aerialist	4U	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard Ally	"Whenever Seascape Aerialist or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Ally creatures you control gain flying until end of turn."	U	U	Zendikar	64	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Hagra Diabolist	4B	5	Creature ? Ogre Shaman Ally	"Whenever Hagra Diabolist or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target player lose life equal to the number of Allies you control."	B	B	Zendikar	95	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Geyser Glider	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Beast	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Geyser Glider gains flying until end of turn."	R	R	Zendikar	124	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Baloth Cage Trap	3GG	5	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent had an artifact enter the battlefield under their control this turn, you may pay {1}{G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Create a 4/4 green Beast creature token."	G	G	Zendikar	156	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Vapor Snare	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Vapor Snare unless you return a land you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Worldwake	44	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Caustic Crawler	3BB	5	Creature ? Insect	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Worldwake	54	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Deathforge Shaman	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Shaman	"Multikicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
When Deathforge Shaman enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to twice the number of times it was kicked."	R	R	Worldwake	80	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Rumbling Aftershocks	4R	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a kicked spell, you may have Rumbling Aftershocks deal damage to any target equal to the number of times that spell was kicked."	R	R	Worldwake	89	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Soulbound Guardians	4W	5	Creature ? Kor Spirit	"Defender, flying"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	45	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Drake Umbra	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has flying.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	63	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Valakut Fireboar	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental Boar	"Whenever Valakut Fireboar attacks, switch its power and toughness until end of turn."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	170	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Broodwarden	3GG	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	Eldrazi Spawn creatures you control get +2/+1.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	181	uncommon	Izzy		
Jaddi Lifestrider	4G	5	Creature ? Elemental	"When Jaddi Lifestrider enters the battlefield, you may tap any number of untapped creatures you control. You gain 2 life for each creature tapped this way."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	189	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Razor Hippogriff	3WW	5	Creature ? Hippogriff	"Flying
When Razor Hippogriff enters the battlefield, return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	17	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Barrage Ogre	3RR	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Barrage Ogre deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	83	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Acid Web Spider	3GG	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
When Acid Web Spider enters the battlefield, you may destroy target Equipment."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	108	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Bellowing Tanglewurm	3GG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Other green creatures you control have intimidate."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	111	uncommon	jD		
Clone Shell	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Imprint ? When Clone Shell enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
When Clone Shell dies, turn the exiled card face up. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield under your control."			Scars of Mirrodin	143	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Golem Artisan	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{2}: Target artifact creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{2}: Target artifact creature gains your choice of flying, trample, or haste until end of turn."			Scars of Mirrodin	159	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Knight of the Reliquary	1GW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Knight of the Reliquary gets +1/+1 for each land card in your graveyard.
{T}, Sacrifice a Forest or Plains: Search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	W	G	Conflux	113	rare	Michael Komarck		
Aven Mimeomancer	1WU	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a feather counter on target creature. If you do, that creature has base power and toughness 3/1 and has flying for as long as it has a feather counter on it."	W	W	Alara Reborn	2	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Lich Lord of Unx	1UB	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{U}{B}, {T}: Create a 1/1 blue and black Zombie Wizard creature token.
{U}{U}{B}{B}: Target player loses X life and puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of Zombies you control."	U	U	Alara Reborn	24	rare	Dave Allsop		
Dauntless Escort	1GW	3	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	Sacrifice Dauntless Escort: Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	W	W	Alara Reborn	67	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Mayael's Aria	RGW	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control if you control a creature with power 5 or greater. Then you gain 10 life if you control a creature with power 10 or greater. Then you win the game if you control a creature with power 20 or greater."	W	W	Alara Reborn	121	rare	Steve Argyle		
Devout Lightcaster	WWW	3	Creature ? Kor Cleric	"Protection from black
When Devout Lightcaster enters the battlefield, exile target black permanent."	W	W	Zendikar	10	rare	Shelly Wan		
Kabira Evangel	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Ally	"Whenever Kabira Evangel or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may choose a color. If you do, Allies you control gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn."	W	W	Zendikar	15	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Archmage Ascension	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each end step, if you drew two or more cards this turn, you may put a quest counter on Archmage Ascension.
As long as Archmage Ascension has six or more quest counters on it, if you would draw a card, you may instead search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Zendikar	42	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Lullmage Mentor	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever a spell or ability you control counters a spell, you may create a 1/1 blue Merfolk creature token.
Tap seven untapped Merfolk you control: Counter target spell."	U	U	Zendikar	54	rare	Jaime Jones		
Electropotence	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, that creature deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	Zendikar	122	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Beastmaster Ascension	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, you may put a quest counter on Beastmaster Ascension.
As long as Beastmaster Ascension has seven or more quest counters on it, creatures you control get +5/+5."	G	G	Zendikar	159	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Terra Eternal	2W	3	Enchantment	All lands have indestructible.	W	W	Worldwake	22	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
"Thada Adel, Acquisitor"	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Whenever Thada Adel, Acquisitor deals combat damage to a player, search that player's library for an artifact card and exile it. Then that player shuffles their library. Until end of turn, you may play that card."	U	U	Worldwake	40	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Agadeem Occultist	2B	3	Creature ? Human Shaman Ally	{T}: Put target creature card from an opponent's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control if its converted mana cost is less than or equal to the number of Allies you control.	B	B	Worldwake	48	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Umbra Mystic	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Auras attached to permanents you control have totem armor. (If an enchanted permanent you control would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy an Aura attached to it.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	52	rare	Matt Stewart		
Dormant Gomazoa	1UU	3	Creature ? Jellyfish	"Flying
Dormant Gomazoa enters the battlefield tapped.
Dormant Gomazoa doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever you become the target of a spell, you may untap Dormant Gomazoa."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	62	rare	Chris Rahn		
Surrakar Spellblade	1UU	3	Creature ? Surrakar	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may put a charge counter on Surrakar Spellblade.
Whenever Surrakar Spellblade deals combat damage to a player, you may draw X cards, where X is the number of charge counters on it."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	90	rare	Dave Kendall		
Rage Nimbus	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Defender, flying
{1}{R}: Target creature attacks this turn if able."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	160	rare	Vincent Proce		
Tuktuk the Explorer	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin	"Haste
When Tuktuk the Explorer dies, create a legendary 5/5 colorless Goblin Golem artifact creature token named Tuktuk the Returned."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	169	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Awakening Zone	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	176	rare	Johann Bodin		
Mul Daya Channelers	1GG	3	Creature ? Elf Druid Shaman	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
As long as the top card of your library is a creature card, Mul Daya Channelers gets +3/+3.
As long as the top card of your library is a land card, Mul Daya Channelers has ""{T}: Add two mana of any one color."""	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	198	rare	Jason Chan		
"Kemba, Kha Regent"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Cat Cleric	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 2/2 white Cat creature token for each Equipment attached to Kemba, Kha Regent."	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	12	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Tempered Steel	1WW	3	Enchantment	Artifact creatures you control get +2/+2.	W	W	Scars of Mirrodin	24	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Grand Architect	1UU	3	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.
{U}: Target artifact creature becomes blue until end of turn.
Tap an untapped blue creature you control: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	33	rare	Steven Belledin		
"Ezuri, Renegade Leader"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"{G}: Regenerate another target Elf.
{2}{G}{G}{G}: Elf creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	119	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Etched Champion	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	Metalcraft ? Etched Champion has protection from all colors as long as you control three or more artifacts.			Scars of Mirrodin	154	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Mimic Vat	3	3	Artifact	"Imprint ? Whenever a nontoken creature dies, you may exile that card. If you do, return each other card exiled with Mimic Vat to its owner's graveyard.
{3}, {T}: Create a token that's a copy of a card exiled with Mimic Vat. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."			Scars of Mirrodin	175	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Myr Propagator	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"{3}, {T}: Create a token that's a copy of Myr Propagator."			Scars of Mirrodin	182	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Myr Reservoir	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast Myr spells or activate abilities of Myr.
{3}, {T}: Return target Myr card from your graveyard to your hand."			Scars of Mirrodin	183	rare	Jung Park		
Semblance Anvil	3	3	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Semblance Anvil enters the battlefield, you may exile a nonland card from your hand.
Spells you cast that share a card type with the exiled card cost {2} less to cast."			Scars of Mirrodin	201	rare	Dan Scott		
Strata Scythe	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Imprint ? When Strata Scythe enters the battlefield, search your library for a land card, exile it, then shuffle your library.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each land on the battlefield with the same name as the exiled card.
Equip {3}"			Scars of Mirrodin	206	rare	Scott Chou		
Mirran Crusader	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Double strike, protection from black and from green"	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	14	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Cryptoplasm	1UU	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have Cryptoplasm become a copy of another target creature. If you do, Cryptoplasm gains this ability."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	23	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Phyrexian Crusader	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"First strike, protection from red and from white
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	50	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Darksteel Plate	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Indestructible
Equipped creature has indestructible.
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin Besieged	104	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Myr Welder	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Imprint ? {T}: Exile target artifact card from a graveyard.
Myr Welder has all activated abilities of all cards exiled with it."			Mirrodin Besieged	118	rare	Austin Hsu		
Shimmer Myr	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Flash
You may cast artifact spells as though they had flash."			Mirrodin Besieged	129	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Titan Forge	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Titan Forge.
{T}, Remove three charge counters from Titan Forge: Create a 9/9 colorless Golem artifact creature token."			Mirrodin Besieged	141	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Blade Splicer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Blade Splicer enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token.
Golem creatures you control have first strike."	W	W	New Phyrexia	4	rare	Greg Staples		
Phyrexian Unlife	2W	3	Enchantment	"You don't lose the game for having 0 or less life.
As long as you have 0 or less life, all damage is dealt to you as though its source had infect. (Damage is dealt to you in the form of poison counters.)"	W	W	New Phyrexia	18	rare	Jason Chan		
Bludgeon Brawl	2R	3	Enchantment	"Each noncreature, non-Equipment artifact is an Equipment with equip {X} and ""Equipped creature gets +X/+0,"" where X is that artifact's converted mana cost."	R	R	New Phyrexia	80	rare	Kev Walker		
Nevermore	1WW	3	Enchantment	"As Nevermore enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card name.
Spells with the chosen name can't be cast."	W	W	Innistrad	25	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Laboratory Maniac	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"If you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead."	U	U	Innistrad	61	rare	Jason Felix		
Unbreathing Horde	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Unbreathing Horde enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other Zombie you control and each Zombie card in your graveyard.
If Unbreathing Horde would be dealt damage, prevent that damage and remove a +1/+1 counter from it."	B	B	Innistrad	121	rare	Dave Kendall		
Elder of Laurels	2G	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"{3}{G}: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control."	G	G	Innistrad	177	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Splinterfright	2G	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Splinterfright's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard."	G	G	Innistrad	205	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Thraben Doomsayer	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.
Fateful hour ? As long as you have 5 or less life, other creatures you control get +2/+2."	W	W	Dark Ascension	25	rare	John Stanko		
Geralf's Messenger	BBB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Geralf's Messenger enters the battlefield tapped.
When Geralf's Messenger enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dark Ascension	63	rare	Kev Walker		
Markov Blademaster	1RR	3	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Double strike
Whenever Markov Blademaster deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Dark Ascension	96	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Predator Ooze	GGG	3	Creature ? Ooze	"Indestructible
Whenever Predator Ooze attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Predator Ooze this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Predator Ooze."	G	G	Dark Ascension	124	rare	Ryan Yee		
Jar of Eyeballs	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a creature you control dies, put two eyeball counters on Jar of Eyeballs.
{3}, {T}, Remove all eyeball counters from Jar of Eyeballs: Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of eyeball counters removed this way. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."			Dark Ascension	152	rare	Jaime Jones		
Silverblade Paladin	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)
As long as Silverblade Paladin is paired with another creature, both creatures have double strike."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	36	rare	Jason Chan		
Captain of the Mists	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever another Human enters the battlefield under your control, untap Captain of the Mists.
{1}{U}, {T}: You may tap or untap target permanent."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	45	rare	Allen Williams		
Dark Impostor	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Assassin	"{4}{B}{B}: Exile target creature and put a +1/+1 counter on Dark Impostor.
Dark Impostor has all activated abilities of all creature cards exiled with it."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	92	rare	Johannes Voss		
Champion of Lambholt	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Creatures with power less than Champion of Lambholt's power can't block creatures you control.
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Champion of Lambholt."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	171	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Descendants' Path	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card that shares a creature type with a creature you control, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, put that card on the bottom of your library."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	173	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Druids' Repository	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, put a charge counter on Druids' Repository.
Remove a charge counter from Druids' Repository: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	176	rare	Daarken		
Somberwald Sage	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Add three mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells.	G	G	Avacyn Restored	194	rare	Steve Argyle		
Wild Defiance	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control becomes the target of an instant or sorcery spell, that creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	203	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Gallows at Willow Hill	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Tap three untapped Humans you control: Destroy target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."			Avacyn Restored	215	rare	John Avon		
Underworld Connections	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}, Pay 1 life: Draw a card."""	B	B	Return to Ravnica	83	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Wild Beastmaster	2G	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever Wild Beastmaster attacks, each other creature you control gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Wild Beastmaster's power."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	139	rare	Kev Walker		
Detention Sphere	1WU	3	Enchantment	"When Detention Sphere enters the battlefield, you may exile target nonland permanent not named Detention Sphere and all other permanents with the same name as that permanent.
When Detention Sphere leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to the battlefield under their owner's control."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	155	rare	Kev Walker		
Loxodon Smiter	1GW	3	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"This spell can't be countered.
If a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Loxodon Smiter, put it onto the battlefield instead of putting it into your graveyard."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	178	rare	Ryan Barger		
Wayfaring Temple	1GW	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Wayfaring Temple's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.
Whenever Wayfaring Temple deals combat damage to a player, populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	209	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Cryptborn Horror	1B/RB/R	3	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
Cryptborn Horror enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the total life lost by your opponents this turn."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	212	rare	Richard Wright		
Frontline Medic	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Battalion ? Whenever Frontline Medic and at least two other creatures attack, creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.
Sacrifice Frontline Medic: Counter target spell with {X} in its mana cost unless its controller pays {3}."	W	W	Gatecrash	12	rare	Willian Murai		
Simic Manipulator	1UU	3	Creature ? Mutant Wizard	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
{T}, Remove one or more +1/+1 counters from Simic Manipulator: Gain control of target creature with power less than or equal to the number of +1/+1 counters removed this way."	U	U	Gatecrash	50	rare	Maciej Kuciara		
Five-Alarm Fire	1RR	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage, put a blaze counter on Five-Alarm Fire.
Remove five blaze counters from Five-Alarm Fire: It deals 5 damage to any target."	R	R	Gatecrash	91	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Biovisionary	1GU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of the end step, if you control four or more creatures named Biovisionary, you win the game."	U	U	Gatecrash	146	rare	Ryan Barger		
Boros Reckoner	R/WR/WR/W	3	Creature ? Minotaur Wizard	"Whenever Boros Reckoner is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to any target.
{R/W}: Boros Reckoner gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Gatecrash	215	rare	Howard Lyon		
Nightveil Specter	U/BU/BU/B	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Nightveil Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.
You may play cards exiled with Nightveil Specter."	U	U	Gatecrash	222	rare	Min Yum		
Pyrewild Shaman	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Bloodrush ? {1}{R}, Discard Pyrewild Shaman: Target attacking creature gets +3/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, if Pyrewild Shaman is in your graveyard, you may pay {3}. If you do, return Pyrewild Shaman to your hand."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	36	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Renegade Krasis	1GG	3	Creature ? Beast Mutant	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Whenever Renegade Krasis evolves, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	47	rare	Howard Lyon		
"Varolz, the Scar-Striped"	1BG	3	Legendary Creature ? Troll Warrior	"Each creature card in your graveyard has scavenge. The scavenge cost is equal to its mana cost. (Exile a creature card from your graveyard and pay its mana cost: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to that card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)
Sacrifice another creature: Regenerate Varolz, the Scar-Striped."	G	G	Dragon's Maze	112	rare	Adam Paquette		
Vorel of the Hull Clade	1GU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Merfolk	"{G}{U}, {T}: Double the number of each kind of counter on target artifact, creature, or land."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	115	rare	Mike Bierek		
Fabled Hero	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Double strike
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Fabled Hero, put a +1/+1 counter on Fabled Hero."	W	W	Theros	12	rare	Aaron Miller		
Gift of Immortality	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. Return Gift of Immortality to the battlefield attached to that creature at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Theros	14	rare	Matt Stewart		
Spear of Heliod	1WW	3	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	"Creatures you control get +1/+1.
{1}{W}{W}, {T}: Destroy target creature that dealt damage to you this turn."	W	W	Theros	33	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Meletis Charlatan	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}: The controller of target instant or sorcery spell copies it. That player may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Theros	54	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Agent of the Fates	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Deathtouch
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Agent of the Fates, each opponent sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Theros	76	rare	Matt Stewart		
Nighthowler	1BB	3	Enchantment Creature ? Horror	"Bestow {2}{B}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Nighthowler and enchanted creature each get +X/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in all graveyards."	B	B	Theros	98	rare	Nils Hamm		
Hammer of Purphoros	1RR	3	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	"Creatures you control have haste.
{2}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a land: Create a 3/3 colorless Golem enchantment artifact creature token."	R	R	Theros	124	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Rageblood Shaman	1RR	3	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"Trample
Other Minotaur creatures you control get +1/+1 and have trample."	R	R	Theros	138	rare	Mike Bierek		
Boon Satyr	1GG	3	Enchantment Creature ? Satyr	"Flash
Bestow {3}{G}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +4/+2."	G	G	Theros	152	rare	Wesley Burt		
Bow of Nylea	1GG	3	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	"Attacking creatures you control have deathtouch.
{1}{G}, {T}: Choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
? Bow of Nylea deals 2 damage to target creature with flying.
? You gain 3 life.
? Put up to four target cards from your graveyard on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Theros	153	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Reverent Hunter	2G	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"When Reverent Hunter enters the battlefield, put a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to your devotion to green. (Each {G} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)"	G	G	Theros	173	rare	Wesley Burt		
Anax and Cymede	1RW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike, vigilance
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Anax and Cymede, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn."	W	W	Theros	186	rare	Willian Murai		
Daxos of Meletis	1WU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Daxos of Meletis can't be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.
Whenever Daxos of Meletis deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of that player's library. You gain life equal to that card's converted mana cost. Until end of turn, you may cast that card and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell."	W	W	Theros	191	rare	Karla Ortiz		
Eidolon of Countless Battles	1WW	3	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {2}{W}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Eidolon of Countless Battles and enchanted creature each get +1/+1 for each creature you control and +1/+1 for each Aura you control."	W	W	Born of the Gods	7	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Herald of Torment	1BB	3	Enchantment Creature ? Demon	"Bestow {3}{B}{B} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has flying."	B	B	Born of the Gods	75	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Courser of Kruphix	1GG	3	Enchantment Creature ? Centaur	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
You may play the top card of your library if it's a land card.
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Born of the Gods	119	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Scourge of Skola Vale	2G	3	Creature ? Hydra	"Trample
Scourge of Skola Vale enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{T}, Sacrifice another creature: Put a number of +1/+1 counters on Scourge of Skola Vale equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."	G	G	Born of the Gods	137	rare	Dave Kendall		
Daring Thief	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Inspired ? Whenever Daring Thief becomes untapped, you may exchange control of target nonland permanent you control and target permanent an opponent controls that shares a card type with it."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	36	rare	Johann Bodin		
Dictate of Kruphix	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Flash
At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	37	rare	Daarken		
Master of the Feast	1BB	3	Enchantment Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent draws a card."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	75	rare	Chris Rahn		
Hall of Triumph	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"As Hall of Triumph enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Creatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1."			Journey into Nyx	162	rare	Ryan Yee		
Loxodon Punisher	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	Loxodon Punisher gets +2/+2 for each Equipment attached to it.	W	W	Mirrodin	14	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Lumengrid Augur	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{1}, {T}: Target player draws a card, then discards a card. If that player discards an artifact card this way, untap Lumengrid Augur."	U	U	Mirrodin	39	rare	rk post		
March of the Machines	3U	4	Enchantment	Each noncreature artifact is an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost. (Equipment that's a creature can't equip a creature.)	U	U	Mirrodin	42	rare	Ben Thompson		
Vedalken Archmage	2UU	4	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, draw a card."	U	U	Mirrodin	55	rare	Kev Walker		
Glissa Sunseeker	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf	"First strike
{T}: Destroy target artifact if its converted mana cost is equal to the amount of unspent mana you have."	G	G	Mirrodin	120	rare	Brom		
Hum of the Radix	2GG	4	Enchantment	Each artifact spell costs {1} more to cast for each artifact its controller controls.	G	G	Mirrodin	122	rare	John Avon		
Grid Monitor	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	You can't cast creature spells.			Mirrodin	183	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Lodestone Myr	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Trample
Tap an untapped artifact you control: Lodestone Myr gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Mirrodin	200	rare	Greg Staples		
Nightmare Lash	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each Swamp you control.
Equip?Pay 3 life. (Pay 3 life: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	219	rare	Puddnhead		
Soul Foundry	4	4	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Soul Foundry enters the battlefield, you may exile a creature card from your hand.
{X}, {T}: Create a token that's a copy of the exiled card. X is the converted mana cost of that card."			Mirrodin	246	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Sword of Kaldra	4	4	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +5/+5.
Whenever equipped creature deals damage to a creature, exile that creature. (Exile it only if it's still on the battlefield.)
Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	251	rare	Donato Giancola		
Tower of Eons	4	4	Artifact	"{8}, {T}: You gain 10 life."			Mirrodin	266	rare	John Avon		
Tower of Fortunes	4	4	Artifact	"{8}, {T}: Draw four cards."			Mirrodin	267	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Steelshaper Apprentice	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{W}, {T}, Return Steelshaper Apprentice to its owner's hand: Search your library for an Equipment card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Darksteel	15	rare	Tim Hildebrandt		
Fangren Firstborn	1GGG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Fangren Firstborn attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each attacking creature."	G	G	Darksteel	75	rare	Tim Hildebrandt		
Arcbound Reclaimer	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Remove a +1/+1 counter from Arcbound Reclaimer: Put target artifact card from your graveyard on top of your library.
Modular 2 (This enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	101	rare	Jon Foster		
Heartseeker	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+1 and has ""{T}, Unattach Heartseeker: Destroy target creature.""
Equip {5} ({5}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Darksteel	124	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Lich's Tomb	4	4	Artifact	"You don't lose the game for having 0 or less life.
Whenever you lose life, sacrifice a permanent for each 1 life you lost. (Damage causes loss of life.)"			Darksteel	128	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Shield of Kaldra	4	4	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipment named Sword of Kaldra, Shield of Kaldra, and Helm of Kaldra have indestructible.
Equipped creature has indestructible. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)
Equip {4}"			Darksteel	139	rare	Donato Giancola		
Thought Dissector	4	4	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Target opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until an artifact card or X cards are revealed, whichever comes first. If an artifact card is revealed this way, put it onto the battlefield under your control and sacrifice Thought Dissector. Put the rest of the revealed cards into that player's graveyard."			Darksteel	152	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Wand of the Elements	4	4	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice an Island: Create a 2/2 blue Elemental creature token with flying.
{T}, Sacrifice a Mountain: Create a 3/3 red Elemental creature token."			Darksteel	158	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Auriok Windwalker	3W	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
{T}: Attach target Equipment you control to target creature you control."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	5	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Desecration Elemental	3B	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever a player casts a spell, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	45	rare	Pete Venters		
Endless Whispers	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Each creature has ""When this creature dies, choose target opponent. That player puts this card from its owner's graveyard onto the battlefield under their control at the beginning of the next end step."""	B	B	Fifth Dawn	49	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Summoner's Egg	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Egg	"Imprint ? When Summoner's Egg enters the battlefield, you may exile a card from your hand face down.
When Summoner's Egg dies, turn the exiled card face up. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield under your control."			Fifth Dawn	157	rare	Jim Nelson		
Vassal's Duty	3W	4	Enchantment	{1}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to target legendary creature you control this turn is dealt to you instead.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	48	rare	Dave Dorman		
"Hisoka, Minamo Sensei"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, Discard a card: Counter target spell if it has the same converted mana cost as the discarded card."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	66	rare	Donato Giancola		
Part the Veil	3U	4	Instant ? Arcane	Return all creatures you control to their owner's hand.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	77	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Swirl the Mists	2UU	4	Enchantment	"As Swirl the Mists enters the battlefield, choose a color word.
All instances of color words in the text of spells and permanents are changed to the chosen color word."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	94	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Cranial Extraction	3B	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Choose a nonland card name. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	105	rare	Dave Allsop		
"Horobi, Death's Wail"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever a creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, destroy that creature."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	117	rare	John Bolton		
Night Dealings	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a source you control deals damage to another player, put that many theft counters on Night Dealings.
{2}{B}{B}, Remove X theft counters from Night Dealings: Search your library for a nonland card with converted mana cost X, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	132	rare	Darrell Riche		
"Ben-Ben, Akki Hermit"	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{T}: Ben-Ben, Akki Hermit deals damage to target attacking creature equal to the number of untapped Mountains you control."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	157	rare	Greg Staples		
Shimatsu the Bloodcloaked	3R	4	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"As Shimatsu the Bloodcloaked enters the battlefield, sacrifice any number of permanents. Shimatsu enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	186	rare	Dave Allsop		
Kodama of the South Tree	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, each other creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	223	rare	Ron Spears		
"Shisato, Whispering Hunter"	3G	4	Legendary Creature ? Snake Warrior	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a Snake.
Whenever Shisato, Whispering Hunter deals combat damage to a player, that player skips their next untap step."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	242	rare	John Bolton		
General's Kabuto	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to equipped creature.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Champions of Kamigawa	251	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Junkyo Bell	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have target creature you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control. If you do, sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step."			Champions of Kamigawa	258	rare	Kensuke Okabayashi		
Day of Destiny	3W	4	Legendary Enchantment	Legendary creatures you control get +2/+2.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	1	rare	Daren Bader		
"Chisei, Heart of Oceans"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Chisei, Heart of Oceans unless you remove a counter from a permanent you control."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	32	rare	Matt Cavotta		
"Yukora, the Prisoner"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"When Yukora, the Prisoner leaves the battlefield, sacrifice all non-Ogre creatures you control."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	90	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Clash of Realities	3R	4	Enchantment	"All Spirits have ""When this permanent enters the battlefield, you may have it deal 3 damage to target non-Spirit creature.""
Non-Spirit creatures have ""When this creature enters the battlefield, you may have it deal 3 damage to target Spirit creature."""	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	97	rare	Jim Nelson		
Fumiko the Lowblood	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Fumiko the Lowblood has bushido X, where X is the number of attacking creatures. (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +X/+X until end of turn.)
Creatures your opponents control attack each combat if able."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	104	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Iwamori of the Open Fist	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk	"Trample
When Iwamori of the Open Fist enters the battlefield, each opponent may put a legendary creature card from their hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	130	rare	Paolo Parente		
Reverence	2WW	4	Enchantment	Creatures with power 2 or less can't attack you.	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	26	rare	Ittoku		
"Kaho, Minamo Historian"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Kaho, Minamo Historian enters the battlefield, search your library for up to three instant cards and exile them. Then shuffle your library.
{X}, {T}: You may cast a card with converted mana cost X exiled with Kaho without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	41	rare	Greg Staples		
"Akuta, Born of Ash"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have more cards in hand than each opponent, you may sacrifice a Swamp. If you do, return Akuta, Born of Ash from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	61	rare	Ben Thompson		
Infernal Kirin	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Kirin Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, target player reveals their hand and discards all cards with that spell's converted mana cost."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	72	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Skyfire Kirin	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Kirin Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may gain control of target creature with that spell's converted mana cost until end of turn."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	113	rare	Tsutomu Kawade		
Seed the Land	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield, its controller creates a 1/1 green Snake creature token."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	146	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Blood Clock	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player returns a permanent they control to its owner's hand unless they pay 2 life."			Saviors of Kamigawa	153	rare	Keith Garletts		
Concerted Effort	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, creatures you control gain flying until end of turn if a creature you control has flying. The same is true for fear, first strike, double strike, landwalk, protection, trample, and vigilance."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	8	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Hunted Lammasu	2WW	4	Creature ? Lammasu	"Flying
When Hunted Lammasu enters the battlefield, target opponent creates a 4/4 black Horror creature token."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	22	rare	Mark Zug		
Loxodon Gatekeeper	2WW	4	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"Artifacts, creatures, and lands your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	25	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Breath of Fury	2RR	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
When enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, sacrifice it and attach Breath of Fury to a creature you control. If you do, untap all creatures you control and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	116	rare	Kev Walker		
Molten Sentry	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"As Molten Sentry enters the battlefield, flip a coin. If the coin comes up heads, Molten Sentry enters the battlefield as a 5/2 creature with haste. If it comes up tails, Molten Sentry enters the battlefield as a 2/5 creature with defender."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	136	rare	Kev Walker		
Hunted Troll	2GG	4	Creature ? Troll Warrior	"When Hunted Troll enters the battlefield, target opponent creates four 1/1 blue Faerie creature tokens with flying.
{G}: Regenerate Hunted Troll."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	170	rare	Greg Staples		
Bloodbond March	2BG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a creature spell, each player returns all cards with the same name as that spell from their graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	192	rare	Jim Nelson		
"Circu, Dimir Lobotomist"	2UB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast a blue spell, exile the top card of target player's library.
Whenever you cast a black spell, exile the top card of target player's library.
Your opponents can't cast spells with the same name as a card exiled with Circu, Dimir Lobotomist."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	196	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Glare of Subdual	2GW	4	Enchantment	Tap an untapped creature you control: Tap target artifact or creature.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	207	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Loxodon Hierarch	2GW	4	Creature ? Elephant Cleric	"When Loxodon Hierarch enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life.
{G}{W}, Sacrifice Loxodon Hierarch: Regenerate each creature you control."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	214	rare	Kev Walker		
"Savra, Queen of the Golgari"	2BG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Whenever you sacrifice a black creature, you may pay 2 life. If you do, each other player sacrifices a creature.
Whenever you sacrifice a green creature, you may gain 2 life."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	225	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Bottled Cloister	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, exile all cards from your hand face down.
At the beginning of your upkeep, return all cards you own exiled with Bottled Cloister to your hand, then draw a card."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	256	rare	Luca Zontini		
Leyline of Lightning	2RR	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Lightning is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, Leyline of Lightning deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Guildpact	68	rare	Paolo Parente		
Earth Surge	3G	4	Enchantment	Each land gets +2/+2 as long as it's a creature.	G	G	Guildpact	84	rare	Luca Zontini		
Dune-Brood Nephilim	BRGW	4	Creature ? Nephilim	"Whenever Dune-Brood Nephilim deals combat damage to a player, create a 1/1 colorless Sand creature token for each land you control."	W	W	Guildpact	110	rare	Jim Murray		
Ghost Council of Orzhova	WWBB	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"When Ghost Council of Orzhova enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Exile Ghost Council of Orzhova. Return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Guildpact	114	rare	Greg Staples		
Glint-Eye Nephilim	UBRG	4	Creature ? Nephilim	"Whenever Glint-Eye Nephilim deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards.
{1}, Discard a card: Glint-Eye Nephilim gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Guildpact	115	rare	Mark Zug		
Ink-Treader Nephilim	RGWU	4	Creature ? Nephilim	"Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell, if that spell targets only Ink-Treader Nephilim, copy the spell for each other creature that spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of those creatures."	W	W	Guildpact	117	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Tibor and Lumia	2UR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast a blue spell, target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a red spell, Tibor and Lumia deals 1 damage to each creature without flying."	U	U	Guildpact	135	rare	Jim Murray		
"Ulasht, the Hate Seed"	2RG	4	Legendary Creature ? Hellion Hydra	"Ulasht, the Hate Seed enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other red creature you control and a +1/+1 counter on it for each other green creature you control.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Ulasht: Choose one ?
? Ulasht deals 1 damage to target creature.
? Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	R	R	Guildpact	136	rare	Nottsuo		
Witch-Maw Nephilim	GWUB	4	Creature ? Nephilim	"Whenever you cast a spell, you may put two +1/+1 counters on Witch-Maw Nephilim.
Whenever Witch-Maw Nephilim attacks, it gains trample until end of turn if its power is 10 or greater."	W	W	Guildpact	138	rare	Greg Staples		
Yore-Tiller Nephilim	WUBR	4	Creature ? Nephilim	"Whenever Yore-Tiller Nephilim attacks, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped and attacking."	W	W	Guildpact	140	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Giant Solifuge	2R/GR/G	4	Creature ? Insect	"({R/G} can be paid with either {R} or {G}.)
Trample; haste; shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	R	R	Guildpact	143	rare	Pat Lee		
Gruul War Plow	4	4	Artifact	"Creatures you control have trample.
{1}{R}{G}: Gruul War Plow becomes a 4/4 Juggernaut artifact creature until end of turn."		R	Guildpact	151	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Sword of the Paruns	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"As long as equipped creature is tapped, tapped creatures you control get +2/+0.
As long as equipped creature is untapped, untapped creatures you control get +0/+2.
{3}: You may tap or untap equipped creature.
Equip {3}"			Guildpact	156	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Proper Burial	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control dies, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness."	W	W	Dissension	16	rare	Luca Zontini		
Wakestone Gargoyle	3W	4	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Defender, flying
{1}{W}: Creatures you control with defender can attack this turn as though they didn't have defender."	W	W	Dissension	21	rare	Jim Murray		
Cytoplast Manipulator	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard Mutant	"Graft 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{U}, {T}: Gain control of target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it for as long as Cytoplast Manipulator remains on the battlefield."	U	U	Dissension	23	rare	Dan Scott		
Nihilistic Glee	2BB	4	Enchantment	"{2}{B}, Discard a card: Target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Hellbent ? {1}, Pay 2 life: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have no cards in hand."	B	B	Dissension	50	rare	Ron Spears & Wayne Reynolds		
Unliving Psychopath	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Assassin	"{B}: Unliving Psychopath gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature with power less than Unliving Psychopath's power."	B	B	Dissension	56	rare	Greg Staples		
Rakdos Pit Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"{R}{R}: Rakdos Pit Dragon gains flying until end of turn.
{R}: Rakdos Pit Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Hellbent ? Rakdos Pit Dragon has double strike as long as you have no cards in hand."	R	R	Dissension	69	rare	Kev Walker		
Cytoplast Root-Kin	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental Mutant	"Graft 4 (This creature enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
When Cytoplast Root-Kin enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.
{2}: Move a +1/+1 counter from target creature you control onto Cytoplast Root-Kin."	G	G	Dissension	81	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Elemental Resonance	2GG	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, add mana equal to enchanted permanent's mana cost. (Mana cost includes color. If a mana symbol has multiple colors, choose one.)"	G	G	Dissension	83	rare	Mark Tedin		
Omnibian	1GGU	4	Creature ? Frog	{T}: Target creature becomes a Frog with base power and toughness 3/3 until end of turn.	U	U	Dissension	119	rare	Jim Nelson		
Bronze Bombshell	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When a player other than Bronze Bombshell's owner controls it, that player sacrifices it. If the player does, Bronze Bombshell deals 7 damage to the player."			Dissension	160	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Muse Vessel	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player exiles a card from their hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
{1}: Choose a card exiled with Muse Vessel. You may play that card this turn."			Dissension	163	rare	Christopher Rush		
Karplusan Minotaur	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Cumulative upkeep?Flip a coin. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Whenever you win a coin flip, Karplusan Minotaur deals 1 damage to any target.
Whenever you lose a coin flip, Karplusan Minotaur deals 1 damage to any target of an opponent's choice."	R	R	Coldsnap	86	rare	Wayne England		
Brooding Saurian	2GG	4	Creature ? Lizard	"At the beginning of each end step, each player gains control of all nontoken permanents they own."	G	G	Coldsnap	106	rare	rk post		
Magus of the Disk	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Magus of the Disk enters the battlefield tapped.
{1}, {T}: Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and enchantments."	W	W	Time Spiral	27	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Plague Sliver	2BB	4	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, this permanent deals 1 damage to you."""	B	B	Time Spiral	124	rare	Dave Allsop		
"Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician"	3R	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Advisor	"Whenever another Goblin you control becomes blocked, sacrifice it. If you do, it deals 4 damage to each creature blocking it.
Sacrifice two Mountains: Create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Time Spiral	163	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Fungus Sliver	3G	4	Creature ? Fungus Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have ""Whenever this creature is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on it."" (The damage is dealt before the counter is put on.)"	G	G	Time Spiral	195	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Thelonite Hermit	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Saproling creatures get +1/+1.
Morph {3}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Thelonite Hermit is turned face up, create four 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	G	G	Time Spiral	228	rare	Chippy		
"Mishra, Artificer Prodigy"	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, you may search your graveyard, hand, and/or library for a card with the same name as that spell and put it onto the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	U	U	Time Spiral	243	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Benalish Commander	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Benalish Commander's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Soldiers you control.
Suspend X?{X}{W}{W}. X can't be 0. (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {X}{W}{W} and exile it with X time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever a time counter is removed from Benalish Commander while it's exiled, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Planar Chaos	2	rare	Paolo Parente		
Dust Elemental	2WW	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying; fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
When Dust Elemental enters the battlefield, return three creatures you control to their owner's hand."	W	W	Planar Chaos	5	rare	rk post		
Magus of the Tabernacle	3W	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"All creatures have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature unless you pay {1}."""	W	W	Planar Chaos	8	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Chronozoa	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Chronozoa dies, if it had no time counters on it, create two tokens that are copies of it."	U	U	Planar Chaos	37	rare	James Wong		
Mirri the Cursed	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Cat	"Flying, first strike, haste
Whenever Mirri the Cursed deals combat damage to a creature, put a +1/+1 counter on Mirri the Cursed."	B	B	Planar Chaos	75	rare	Kev Walker		
Detritivore	2RR	4	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	"Detritivore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of nonbasic land cards in your opponents' graveyards.
Suspend X?{X}{3}{R}. X can't be 0. (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {X}{3}{R} and exile it with X time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever a time counter is removed from Detritivore while it's exiled, destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Planar Chaos	96	rare	Paolo Parente		
Shivan Wumpus	3R	4	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
When Shivan Wumpus enters the battlefield, any player may sacrifice a land. If a player does, put Shivan Wumpus on top of its owner's library."	R	R	Planar Chaos	121	rare	Ron Spears		
Fungal Behemoth	3G	4	Creature ? Fungus	"Fungal Behemoth's power and toughness are each equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on creatures you control.
Suspend X?{X}{G}{G}. X can't be 0. (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {X}{G}{G} and exile it with X time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Whenever a time counter is removed from Fungal Behemoth while it's exiled, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Planar Chaos	128	rare	Mark Tedin		
Life and Limb	3G	4	Enchantment	All Forests and all Saprolings are 1/1 green Saproling creatures and Forest lands in addition to their other types.	G	G	Planar Chaos	133	rare	Jim Nelson		
Timbermare	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental Horse	"Haste
Echo {5}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Timbermare enters the battlefield, tap all other creatures."	G	G	Planar Chaos	140	rare	Dan Dos Santos		
Magus of the Moat	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	Creatures without flying can't attack.	W	W	Future Sight	12	rare	John Avon		
Magus of the Abyss	3B	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, destroy target nonartifact creature that player controls of their choice. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Future Sight	70	rare	Kev Walker		
Shimian Specter	2BB	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Shimian Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. Search that player's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Future Sight	76	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
"Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Kithkin Archer	"First strike
{T}: Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile deals 2 damage to each attacking or blocking creature target player controls."	W	W	Lorwyn	6	rare	Steve Prescott		
Galepowder Mage	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Galepowder Mage attacks, exile another target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Lorwyn	15	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Thoughtweft Trio	2WW	4	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"First strike, vigilance
Champion a Kithkin (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Kithkin you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Thoughtweft Trio can block any number of creatures."	W	W	Lorwyn	44	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Surgespanner	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever Surgespanner becomes tapped, you may pay {1}{U}. If you do, return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Lorwyn	92	rare	Warren Mahy		
Boggart Mob	3B	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Champion a Goblin (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Goblin you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Whenever a Goblin you control deals combat damage to a player, you may create a 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature token."	B	B	Lorwyn	104	rare	Thomas Denmark		
Colfenor's Plans	2BB	4	Enchantment	"When Colfenor's Plans enters the battlefield, exile the top seven cards of your library face down.
You may look at and play cards exiled with Colfenor's Plans.
Skip your draw step.
You can't cast more than one spell each turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	106	rare	Darrell Riche		
Nova Chaser	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Trample
Champion an Elemental (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elemental you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	187	rare	Dan Scott		
Dauntless Dourbark	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Dauntless Dourbark's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control plus the number of Treefolk you control.
Dauntless Dourbark has trample as long as you control another Treefolk."	G	G	Lorwyn	203	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Immaculate Magistrate	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature for each Elf you control.	G	G	Lorwyn	219	rare	Jim Nelson		
Masked Admirers	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Masked Admirers enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay {G}{G}. If you do, return Masked Admirers from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Lorwyn	230	rare	Eric Fortune		
Wren's Run Packmaster	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Champion an Elf (When this creature enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elf you control. When this creature leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
{2}{G}: Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
Wolves you control have deathtouch."	G	G	Lorwyn	244	rare	Mark Zug		
Brion Stoutarm	2RW	4	Legendary Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Lifelink
{R}, {T}, Sacrifice another creature: Brion Stoutarm deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to target player or planeswalker."	W	W	Lorwyn	246	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
"Wort, Boggart Auntie"	2BR	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target Goblin card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Lorwyn	252	rare	Larry MacDougall		
"Wydwen, the Biting Gale"	2UB	4	Legendary Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
{U}{B}, Pay 1 life: Return Wydwen, the Biting Gale to its owner's hand."	U	U	Lorwyn	253	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Deathrender	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Whenever equipped creature dies, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield and attach Deathrender to it.
Equip {2}"			Lorwyn	255	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Twinning Glass	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: You may cast a nonland card from your hand without paying its mana cost if it has the same name as a spell that was cast this turn."			Lorwyn	264	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Indomitable Ancients	2WW	4	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior		W	W	Morningtide	13	rare	Pete Venters		
Slithermuse	2UU	4	Creature ? Elemental	"When Slithermuse leaves the battlefield, choose an opponent. If that player has more cards in hand than you, draw cards equal to the difference.
Evoke {3}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	U	U	Morningtide	50	rare	Steven Belledin		
Stenchskipper	3B	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
At the beginning of the end step, if you control no Goblins, sacrifice Stenchskipper."	B	B	Morningtide	79	rare	Howard Lyon		
Boldwyr Heavyweights	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Trample
When Boldwyr Heavyweights enters the battlefield, each opponent may search their library for a creature card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	R	R	Morningtide	85	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Lightning Crafter	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Champion a Goblin or Shaman (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Goblin or Shaman you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
{T}: Lightning Crafter deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Morningtide	93	rare	Dan Scott		
Vengeful Firebrand	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Vengeful Firebrand has haste as long as a Warrior card is in your graveyard.
{R}: Vengeful Firebrand gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Morningtide	111	rare	William O'Connor		
Leaf-Crowned Elder	2GG	4	Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Leaf-Crowned Elder, you may reveal it. If you do, you may play that card without paying its mana cost."	G	G	Morningtide	128	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Unstoppable Ash	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Trample
Champion a Treefolk or Warrior (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Treefolk or Warrior you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, it gets +0/+5 until end of turn."	G	G	Morningtide	137	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Knacksaw Clique	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
{1}{U}, {Q}: Target opponent exiles the top card of their library. Until end of turn, you may play that card. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	42	rare	Steven Belledin		
Puca's Mischief	3U	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exchange control of target nonland permanent you control and target nonland permanent an opponent controls with an equal or lesser converted mana cost."	U	U	Shadowmoor	47	rare	Scott Altmann		
Cragganwick Cremator	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"When Cragganwick Cremator enters the battlefield, discard a card at random. If you discard a creature card this way, Cragganwick Cremator deals damage equal to that card's power to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Shadowmoor	87	rare	Jeremy Enecio		
Deep-Slumber Titan	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Deep-Slumber Titan enters the battlefield tapped.
Deep-Slumber Titan doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever Deep-Slumber Titan is dealt damage, untap it."	R	R	Shadowmoor	89	rare	Steve Prescott		
Elemental Mastery	3R	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste, where X is this creature's power. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step."""	R	R	Shadowmoor	90	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Swans of Bryn Argoll	2W/UW/U	4	Creature ? Bird Spirit	"Flying
If a source would deal damage to Swans of Bryn Argoll, prevent that damage. The source's controller draws cards equal to the damage prevented this way."	W	W	Shadowmoor	151	rare	Eric Fortune		
Ashenmoor Liege	1B/RB/RB/R	4	Creature ? Elemental Knight	"Other black creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other red creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever Ashenmoor Liege becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, that player loses 4 life."	R	R	Shadowmoor	181	rare	Mark Zug		
Spiteful Visions	2B/RB/R	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.
Whenever a player draws a card, Spiteful Visions deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Shadowmoor	198	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Boartusk Liege	1R/GR/GR/G	4	Creature ? Goblin Knight	"Trample
Other red creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other green creatures you control get +1/+1."	R	R	Shadowmoor	202	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Impromptu Raid	3R/G	4	Enchantment	"{2}{R/G}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it isn't a creature card, put it into your graveyard. Otherwise, put that card onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Shadowmoor	209	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Rosheen Meanderer	3R/G	4	Legendary Creature ? Giant Shaman	{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}{C}. Spend this mana only on costs that contain {X}.	R	R	Shadowmoor	214	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Heartmender	2G/WG/W	4	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a -1/-1 counter from each creature you control.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	228	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Light from Within	2WW	4	Enchantment	Chroma ? Each creature you control gets +1/+1 for each white mana symbol in its mana cost.	W	W	Eventide	10	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
"Ashling, the Extinguisher"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Whenever Ashling, the Extinguisher deals combat damage to a player, choose target creature that player controls. The player sacrifices that creature."	B	B	Eventide	33	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Cradle of Vitality	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you gain life, you may pay {1}{W}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature for each 1 life you gained."	W	W	Shards of Alara	7	rare	Trevor Hairsine		
Mindlock Orb	3U	4	Artifact	Players can't search libraries.	U	U	Shards of Alara	51	rare	rk post		
Immortal Coil	2BB	4	Artifact	"{T}, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Draw a card.
If damage would be dealt to you, prevent that damage. Exile a card from your graveyard for each 1 damage prevented this way.
When there are no cards in your graveyard, you lose the game."	B	B	Shards of Alara	79	rare	Dan Scott		
Keeper of Progenitus	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever a player taps a Mountain, Forest, or Plains for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced."	G	G	Shards of Alara	135	rare	Kev Walker		
Stoic Angel	1GWU	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
Players can't untap more than one creature during their untap steps."	W	W	Shards of Alara	199	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Wall of Reverence	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit Wall	"Defender, flying
At the beginning of your end step, you may gain life equal to the power of target creature you control."	W	W	Conflux	20	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Goblin Razerunners	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice a land: Put a +1/+1 counter on Goblin Razerunners.
At the beginning of your end step, you may have Goblin Razerunners deal damage equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Conflux	64	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Cliffrunner Behemoth	3G	4	Creature ? Rhino Beast	"Cliffrunner Behemoth has haste as long as you control a red permanent.
Cliffrunner Behemoth has lifelink as long as you control a white permanent."	G	G	Conflux	79	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Mycoid Shepherd	1GGW	4	Creature ? Fungus	"Whenever Mycoid Shepherd or another creature you control with power 5 or greater dies, you may gain 5 life."	W	W	Alara Reborn	73	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Glory of Warfare	2RW	4	Enchantment	"As long as it's your turn, creatures you control get +2/+0.
As long as it's not your turn, creatures you control get +0/+2."	W	W	Alara Reborn	98	rare	Paolo Parente		
"Unscythe, Killer of Kings"	UBBR	4	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+3 and has first strike.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by equipped creature this turn dies, you may exile that card. If you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
Equip {2}"	U	U	Alara Reborn	114	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Madrush Cyclops	1BRG	4	Creature ? Cyclops Warrior	Creatures you control have haste.	R	R	Alara Reborn	119	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Emeria Angel	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying."	W	W	Zendikar	11	rare	Jim Murray		
Bala Ged Thief	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue Ally	"Whenever Bala Ged Thief or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, target player reveals a number of cards from their hand equal to the number of Allies you control. You choose one of them. That player discards that card."	B	B	Zendikar	79	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Guul Draz Specter	2BB	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Guul Draz Specter gets +3/+3 as long as an opponent has no cards in hand.
Whenever Guul Draz Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Zendikar	92	rare	Mark Tedin		
Predatory Urge	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to this creature."""	G	G	Zendikar	175	rare	Scott Chou		
Grappling Hook	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has double strike.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may have target creature block it this turn if able.
Equip {4}"			Zendikar	203	rare	Philip Straub		
Marshal's Anthem	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Multikicker {1}{W} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1.
When Marshal's Anthem enters the battlefield, return up to X target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of times Marshal's Anthem was kicked."	W	W	Worldwake	15	rare	Matt Stewart		
Talus Paladin	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight Ally	"Whenever Talus Paladin or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Allies you control gain lifelink until end of turn, and you may put a +1/+1 counter on Talus Paladin."	W	W	Worldwake	21	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Wolfbriar Elemental	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Multikicker {G} (You may pay an additional {G} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
When Wolfbriar Elemental enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token for each time it was kicked."	G	G	Worldwake	118	rare	Chippy		
Seer's Sundial	4	4	Artifact	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {2}. If you do, draw a card."			Worldwake	130	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Lightmine Field	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures attack, Lightmine Field deals damage to each of those creatures equal to the number of attacking creatures."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	32	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Thought Gorger	2BB	4	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
When Thought Gorger enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each card in your hand. If you do, discard your hand.
When Thought Gorger leaves the battlefield, draw a card for each +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	129	rare	Jason Felix		
Bear Umbra	2GG	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""Whenever this creature attacks, untap all lands you control.""
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	177	rare	Howard Lyon		
Hedron Matrix	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +X/+X, where X is its converted mana cost.
Equip {4}"			Rise of the Eldrazi	218	rare	Jaime Jones		
Argent Sphinx	2UU	4	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Metalcraft ? {U}: Exile Argent Sphinx. Return it to the battlefield under your control at the beginning of the next end step. Activate this ability only if you control three or more artifacts."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	28	rare	Chris Rahn		
Dissipation Field	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a permanent deals damage to you, return it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	32	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Hand of the Praetors	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Other creatures you control with infect get +1/+1.
Whenever you cast a creature spell with infect, target player gets a poison counter."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	66	rare	Izzy		
Ezuri's Brigade	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Metalcraft ? As long as you control three or more artifacts, Ezuri's Brigade gets +4/+4 and has trample."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	121	rare	Nic Klein		
Prototype Portal	4	4	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Prototype Portal enters the battlefield, you may exile an artifact card from your hand.
{X}, {T}: Create a token that's a copy of the exiled card. X is the converted mana cost of that card."			Scars of Mirrodin	195	rare	Drew Baker		
Tower of Calamities	4	4	Artifact	"{8}, {T}: Tower of Calamities deals 12 damage to target creature."			Scars of Mirrodin	212	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Phyrexian Vatmother	2BB	4	Creature ? Horror	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you get a poison counter."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	52	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Sangromancer	2BB	4	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Flying
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, you may gain 3 life.
Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may gain 3 life."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	53	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Bonehoard	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in all graveyards.
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin Besieged	100	rare	Chippy		
Decimator Web	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Target opponent loses 2 life, gets a poison counter, then puts the top six cards of their library into their graveyard."			Mirrodin Besieged	105	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Undead Alchemist	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie	"If a Zombie you control would deal combat damage to a player, instead that player puts that many cards from the top of their library into their graveyard.
Whenever a creature card is put into an opponent's graveyard from their library, exile that card and create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	U	U	Innistrad	84	rare	Michael C. Hayes		
Endless Ranks of the Dead	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens, where X is half the number of Zombies you control, rounded down."	B	B	Innistrad	99	rare	Ryan Yee		
Parallel Lives	3G	4	Enchantment	"If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead."	G	G	Innistrad	199	rare	Steve Prescott		
Evil Twin	2UB	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Evil Twin enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has ""{U}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature with the same name as this creature."""	U	U	Innistrad	212	rare	Greg Staples		
Witchbane Orb	4	4	Artifact	"When Witchbane Orb enters the battlefield, destroy all Curses attached to you.
You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control, including Aura spells.)"			Innistrad	236	rare	John Avon		
Sance	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, you may exile target creature card from your graveyard. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that card, except it's a Spirit in addition to its other types. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Dark Ascension	20	rare	David Rapoza		
Call to the Kindred	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top five cards of your library. If you do, you may put a creature card that shares a creature type with enchanted creature from among them onto the battlefield, then you put the rest of those cards on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Dark Ascension	30	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Havengul Runebinder	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Zombie creature you control."	U	U	Dark Ascension	39	rare	Bud Cook		
Hellrider	2RR	4	Creature ? Devil	"Haste
Whenever a creature you control attacks, Hellrider deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking."	R	R	Dark Ascension	93	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Riders of Gavony	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance
As Riders of Gavony enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Human creatures you control have protection from creatures of the chosen type."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	33	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Lunar Mystic	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast an instant spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	65	rare	Wesley Burt		
Demonlord of Ashmouth	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Demonlord of Ashmouth enters the battlefield, exile it unless you sacrifice another creature.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Avacyn Restored	96	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Archwing Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
At the beginning of the end step, return Archwing Dragon to its owner's hand."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	126	rare	Daarken		
Hound of Griselbrand	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"Double strike
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Avacyn Restored	141	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Moonsilver Spear	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying.
Equip {4}"			Avacyn Restored	217	rare	James Paick		
Otherworld Atlas	4	4	Artifact	"{T}: Put a charge counter on Otherworld Atlas.
{T}: Each player draws a card for each charge counter on Otherworld Atlas."			Avacyn Restored	219	rare	Sam Wolfe Connelly		
Martial Law	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, detain target creature an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that creature can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	14	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Desecration Demon	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of each combat, any opponent may sacrifice a creature. If a player does, tap Desecration Demon and put a +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Return to Ravnica	63	rare	Jason Chan		
Deadbridge Goliath	2GG	4	Creature ? Insect	"Scavenge {4}{G}{G} ({4}{G}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	120	rare	Chase Stone		
Corpsejack Menace	2BG	4	Creature ? Fungus	"If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, twice that many +1/+1 counters are put on it instead."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	152	rare	Chris Rahn		
Growing Ranks	2G/WG/W	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, populate. (Create a token that's a copy of a creature token you control.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	217	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Volatile Rig	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Trample
Volatile Rig attacks each combat if able.
Whenever Volatile Rig is dealt damage, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, sacrifice Volatile Rig.
When Volatile Rig dies, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, it deals 4 damage to each creature and each player."			Return to Ravnica	236	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Ooze Flux	3G	4	Enchantment	"{1}{G}, Remove one or more +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control: Create an X/X green Ooze creature token, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters removed this way."	G	G	Gatecrash	128	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Alms Beast	2WB	4	Creature ? Beast	Creatures blocking or blocked by Alms Beast have lifelink.	W	W	Gatecrash	141	rare	Dan Scott		
Fathom Mage	2GU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Whenever a +1/+1 counter is put on Fathom Mage, you may draw a card."	U	U	Gatecrash	162	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Firemane Avenger	2RW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Battalion ? Whenever Firemane Avenger and at least two other creatures attack, Firemane Avenger deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life."	W	W	Gatecrash	163	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Soul Ransom	2UB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
Discard two cards: Soul Ransom's controller sacrifices it, then draws two cards. Only any opponent may activate this ability."	U	U	Gatecrash	198	rare	Steve Argyle		
Spark Trooper	1RRW	4	Creature ? Elemental Soldier	"Trample, lifelink, haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Spark Trooper."	W	W	Gatecrash	199	rare	James Ryman		
Rubblebelt Raiders	1R/GR/GR/G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Rubblebelt Raiders attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each attacking creature you control."	R	R	Gatecrash	224	rare	Chippy		
"Exava, Rakdos Blood Witch"	2BR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"First strike, haste
Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has haste."	R	R	Dragon's Maze	69	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
"Tajic, Blade of the Legion"	2RW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Indestructible
Battalion ? Whenever Tajic, Blade of the Legion and at least two other creatures attack, Tajic gets +5/+5 until end of turn."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	107	rare	James Ryman		
Hundred-Handed One	2WW	4	Creature ? Giant	"Vigilance
{3}{W}{W}{W}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Hundred-Handed One is monstrous, it has reach and can block an additional ninety-nine creatures each combat."	W	W	Theros	20	rare	Brad Rigney		
Bident of Thassa	2UU	4	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
{1}{U}, {T}: Creatures your opponents control attack this turn if able."	U	U	Theros	42	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Whip of Erebos	2BB	4	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	"Creatures you control have lifelink.
{2}{B}{B}, {T}: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step. If it would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Theros	110	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Ember Swallower	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental	"{5}{R}{R}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Ember Swallower becomes monstrous, each player sacrifices three lands."	R	R	Theros	120	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Labyrinth Champion	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Labyrinth Champion, Labyrinth Champion deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Theros	126	rare	Chase Stone		
Polis Crusher	2RG	4	Creature ? Cyclops	"Trample, protection from enchantments
{4}{R}{G}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
Whenever Polis Crusher deals combat damage to a player, if Polis Crusher is monstrous, destroy target enchantment that player controls."	R	R	Theros	198	rare	Chase Stone		
Reaper of the Wilds	2BG	4	Creature ? Gorgon	"Whenever another creature dies, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{B}: Reaper of the Wilds gains deathtouch until end of turn.
{1}{G}: Reaper of the Wilds gains hexproof until end of turn."	G	G	Theros	201	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Triad of Fates	2WB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}, {T}: Put a fate counter on another target creature.
{W}, {T}: Exile target creature that has a fate counter on it, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control.
{B}, {T}: Exile target creature that has a fate counter on it. Its controller draws two cards."	W	W	Theros	206	rare	Daarken		
Akroan Horse	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Horse	"Defender
When Akroan Horse enters the battlefield, an opponent gains control of it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent creates a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."			Theros	210	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Fate Unraveler	3B	4	Enchantment Creature ? Hag	"Whenever an opponent draws a card, Fate Unraveler deals 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Born of the Gods	68	rare	David Palumbo		
Felhide Spiritbinder	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"Inspired ? Whenever Felhide Spiritbinder becomes untapped, you may pay {1}{R}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of another target creature, except it's an enchantment in addition to its other types. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Born of the Gods	96	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Dawnbringer Charioteers	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying, lifelink
Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Dawnbringer Charioteers, put a +1/+1 counter on Dawnbringer Charioteers."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	6	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
"King Macar, the Gold-Cursed"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human	"Inspired ? Whenever King Macar, the Gold-Cursed becomes untapped, you may exile target creature. If you do, create a colorless artifact token named Gold. It has ""Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Journey into Nyx	74	rare	Greg Staples		
Pheres-Band Warchief	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Vigilance, trample
Other Centaur creatures you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance and trample."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	135	rare	James Ryman		
Leonin Abunas	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Cleric	Artifacts you control have hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	W	W	Mirrodin	8	rare	Darrell Riche		
Goblin Charbelcher	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a land card. Goblin Charbelcher deals damage equal to the number of nonland cards revealed this way to any target. If the revealed land card was a Mountain, Goblin Charbelcher deals double that damage instead. Put the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in any order."			Mirrodin	176	rare	Stephen Tappin		
Solemn Simulacrum	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When Solemn Simulacrum enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
When Solemn Simulacrum dies, you may draw a card."			Mirrodin	245	rare	Greg Staples		
Tower of Champions	4	4	Artifact	"{8}, {T}: Target creature gets +6/+6 until end of turn."			Mirrodin	265	rare	Greg Staples		
Tower of Murmurs	4	4	Artifact	"{8}, {T}: Target player puts the top eight cards of their library into their graveyard."			Mirrodin	268	rare	Glen Angus		
Darksteel Reactor	4	4	Artifact	"Indestructible (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this artifact.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a charge counter on Darksteel Reactor.
When Darksteel Reactor has twenty or more charge counters on it, you win the game."			Darksteel	114	rare	Kev Walker		
Eater of Days	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Leviathan	"Flying, trample
When Eater of Days enters the battlefield, you skip your next two turns."			Darksteel	120	rare	Mark Tedin		
Well of Lost Dreams	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever you gain life, you may pay {X}, where X is less than or equal to the amount of life you gained. If you do, draw X cards."			Darksteel	159	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Silent Arbiter	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"No more than one creature can attack each combat.
No more than one creature can block each combat."			Fifth Dawn	150	rare	Mark Zug		
Vedalken Orrery	4	4	Artifact	You may cast spells as though they had flash.			Fifth Dawn	163	rare	John Avon		
Night of Souls' Betrayal	2BB	4	Legendary Enchantment	All creatures get -1/-1.	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	133	rare	Greg Staples		
Nature's Will	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, tap all lands that player controls and untap all lands you control."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	230	rare	Mitch Cotie		
Uba Mask	4	4	Artifact	"If a player would draw a card, that player exiles that card face up instead.
Each player may play cards they exiled with Uba Mask this turn."			Champions of Kamigawa	272	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Hokori, Dust Drinker"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Lands don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player untaps a land they control."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	7	rare	Darrell Riche		
Celestial Kirin	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Kirin Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, destroy all permanents with that spell's converted mana cost."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	3	rare	Adam Rex		
"Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker"	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Whenever a source an opponent controls deals damage to you, that player sacrifices a permanent."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	19	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Sakashima the Impostor	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	"You may have Sakashima the Impostor enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except its name is Sakashima the Impostor, it's legendary in addition to its other types, and it has ""{2}{U}{U}: Return this creature to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step."""	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	53	rare	rk post		
Leyline of the Meek	2WW	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of the Meek is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
Creature tokens get +1/+1."	W	W	Guildpact	10	rare	Mark Zug		
Leyline of Singularity	2UU	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Singularity is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
All nonland permanents are legendary."	U	U	Guildpact	29	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Leyline of Lifeforce	2GG	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Lifeforce is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
Creature spells can't be countered."	G	G	Guildpact	90	rare	Kev Walker		
Rumbling Slum	1RGG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Rumbling Slum deals 1 damage to each player."	R	R	Guildpact	126	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Psychic Possession	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant opponent
Skip your draw step.
Whenever enchanted opponent draws a card, you may draw a card."	U	U	Dissension	30	rare	Mark Tedin		
Stormscale Anarch	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"{2}{R}, Discard a card at random: Stormscale Anarch deals 2 damage to any target. If the discarded card was multicolored, Stormscale Anarch deals 4 damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Dissension	74	rare	Ralph Horsley		
War's Toll	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent taps a land for mana, tap all lands that player controls.
If a creature an opponent controls attacks, all creatures that opponent controls attack if able."	R	R	Dissension	77	rare	Dana Knutson		
Grand Arbiter Augustin IV	2WU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"White spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Blue spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Spells your opponents cast cost {1} more to cast."	W	W	Dissension	112	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Woolly Razorback	2WW	4	Creature ? Boar Beast	"Woolly Razorback enters the battlefield with three ice counters on it.
As long as Woolly Razorback has an ice counter on it, prevent all combat damage it would deal and it has defender.
Whenever Woolly Razorback blocks, remove an ice counter from it."	W	W	Coldsnap	25	rare	Richard Sardinha		
Arcum Dagsson	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"{T}: Target artifact creature's controller sacrifices it. That player may search their library for a noncreature artifact card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library."	U	U	Coldsnap	27	rare	Pete Venters		
"Braids, Conjurer Adept"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may put an artifact, creature, or land card from their hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Planar Chaos	36	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Volcano Hellion	2RR	4	Creature ? Hellion	"Volcano Hellion has echo {X}, where X is your life total. (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Volcano Hellion enters the battlefield, it deals an amount of damage of your choice to you and target creature. The damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Planar Chaos	111	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Venser, Shaper Savant"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash
When Venser, Shaper Savant enters the battlefield, return target spell or permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Future Sight	46	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Ajani Goldmane	2WW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+1: You gain 2 life.
?1: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Those creatures gain vigilance until end of turn.
?6: Create a white Avatar creature token. It has ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to your life total."""	W	W	Lorwyn	1	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Mistbind Clique	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
Champion a Faerie (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Faerie you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)
When a Faerie is championed with Mistbind Clique, tap all lands target player controls."	U	U	Lorwyn	75	rare	Ben Thompson		
Sower of Temptation	2UU	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
When Sower of Temptation enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature for as long as Sower of Temptation remains on the battlefield."	U	U	Lorwyn	88	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Garruk Wildspeaker	2GG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Garruk	"+1: Untap two target lands.
?1: Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.
?4: Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Lorwyn	213	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Kinsbaile Cavalier	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin Knight	Knight creatures you control have double strike.	W	W	Morningtide	15	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Notorious Throng	3U	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Rogue	"Prowl {5}{U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.)
Create X 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature tokens with flying, where X is the damage dealt to your opponents this turn. If Notorious Throng's prowl cost was paid, take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Morningtide	45	rare	Thomas Denmark		
Chameleon Colossus	2GG	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Protection from black
{2}{G}{G}: Chameleon Colossus gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power."	G	G	Morningtide	116	rare	Darrell Riche		
Door of Destinies	4	4	Artifact	"As Door of Destinies enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Whenever you cast a spell of the chosen type, put a charge counter on Door of Destinies.
Creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1 for each charge counter on Door of Destinies."			Morningtide	143	rare	Larry MacDougall		
Thistledown Liege	1W/UW/UW/U	4	Creature ? Kithkin Knight	"Flash
Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	Shadowmoor	153	rare	Adam Rex		
Glen Elendra Liege	1U/BU/BU/B	4	Creature ? Faerie Knight	"Flying
Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other black creatures you control get +1/+1."	U	U	Shadowmoor	163	rare	Kev Walker		
Wilt-Leaf Liege	1G/WG/WG/W	4	Creature ? Elf Knight	"Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.
If a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Wilt-Leaf Liege, put it onto the battlefield instead of putting it into your graveyard."	W	W	Shadowmoor	245	rare	Jason Chan		
Endless Horizons	3W	4	Enchantment	"When Endless Horizons enters the battlefield, search your library for any number of Plains cards and exile them. Then shuffle your library.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a card you own exiled with Endless Horizons into your hand."	W	W	Eventide	4	rare	Joshua Hagler		
Glen Elendra Archmage	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
{U}, Sacrifice Glen Elendra Archmage: Counter target noncreature spell.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Eventide	22	rare	Warren Mahy		
Creakwood Liege	1B/GB/GB/G	4	Creature ? Horror	"Other black creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may create a 1/1 black and green Worm creature token."	G	G	Eventide	117	rare	Cole Eastburn		
Ranger of Eos	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Ranger of Eos enters the battlefield, you may search your library for up to two creature cards with converted mana cost 1 or less, reveal them, and put them into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	W	W	Shards of Alara	21	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Master Transmuter	3U	4	Artifact Creature ? Human Artificer	"{U}, {T}, Return an artifact you control to its owner's hand: You may put an artifact card from your hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Conflux	31	rare	Chippy		
Rakka Mar	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
{R}, {T}: Create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with haste."	R	R	Conflux	71	rare	Jason Chan		
Worldheart Phoenix	3R	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
You may cast Worldheart Phoenix from your graveyard by paying {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than paying its mana cost. If you do, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it."	R	W	Conflux	77	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Font of Mythos	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws two additional cards."			Conflux	136	rare	Dave Allsop		
Spellbreaker Behemoth	1RGG	4	Creature ? Beast	"This spell can't be countered.
Creature spells you control with power 5 or greater can't be countered."	R	R	Alara Reborn	60	rare	Jason Chan		
Knight of New Alara	2GW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Each other multicolored creature you control gets +1/+1 for each of its colors.	W	W	Alara Reborn	70	rare	Chris Rahn		
Retaliator Griffin	1RGW	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Whenever a source an opponent controls deals damage to you, you may put that many +1/+1 counters on Retaliator Griffin."	W	W	Alara Reborn	123	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Oracle of Mul Daya	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Play with the top card of your library revealed.
You may play the top card of your library if it's a land card."	G	G	Zendikar	172	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Magnetic Mine	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever another artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Magnetic Mine deals 2 damage to that artifact's controller."			Mirrodin Besieged	113	rare	David Rapoza		
Phyrexian Metamorph	3U/P	4	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)
You may have Phyrexian Metamorph enter the battlefield as a copy of any artifact or creature on the battlefield, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types."	U	U	New Phyrexia	42	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Lashwrithe	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each Swamp you control.
Equip {B/P}{B/P} ({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)"		B	New Phyrexia	143	rare	Jason Felix		
Unwinding Clock	4	4	Artifact	Untap all artifacts you control during each other player's untap step.			New Phyrexia	164	rare	Mike Bierek		
Angel of Jubilation	1WWW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Other nonblack creatures you control get +1/+1.
Players can't pay life or sacrifice creatures to cast spells or activate abilities."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	2	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Restoration Angel	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flash
Flying
When Restoration Angel enters the battlefield, you may exile target non-Angel creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	32	rare	Johannes Voss		
Crypt Ghast	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay {W/B}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)
Whenever you tap a Swamp for mana, add an additional {B}."	B	B	Gatecrash	61	rare	Chris Rahn		
Notion Thief	2UB	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Flash
If an opponent would draw a card except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, instead that player skips that draw and you draw a card."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	88	rare	Clint Cearley		
Oracle of Bones	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"Haste
Tribute 2 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
When Oracle of Bones enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your hand without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Born of the Gods	103	rare	Greg Staples		
Eidolon of Blossoms	2GG	4	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Constellation ? Whenever Eidolon of Blossoms or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	122	rare	Min Yum		
Taj-Nar Swordsmith	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"When Taj-Nar Swordsmith enters the battlefield, you may pay {X}. If you do, search your library for an Equipment card with converted mana cost X or less and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Mirrodin	27	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Flayed Nim	3B	4	Creature ? Skeleton	"Whenever Flayed Nim deals combat damage to a creature, that creature's controller loses that much life.
{2}{B}: Regenerate Flayed Nim."	B	B	Mirrodin	65	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Nim Shambler	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Nim Shambler gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.
Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Nim Shambler."	B	B	Mirrodin	72	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Mourner's Shield	4	4	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Mourner's Shield enters the battlefield, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
{2}, {T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn by a source of your choice that shares a color with the exiled card."			Mirrodin	209	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Rustspore Ram	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Sheep	"When Rustspore Ram enters the battlefield, destroy target Equipment."			Mirrodin	235	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Leonin Battlemage	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Wizard	"{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a spell, you may untap Leonin Battlemage."	W	W	Darksteel	5	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Hoverguard Observer	2UU	4	Creature ? Drone	"Flying
Hoverguard Observer can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Darksteel	22	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Psychic Overload	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
When Psychic Overload enters the battlefield, tap enchanted permanent.
Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Enchanted permanent has ""Discard two artifact cards: Untap this permanent."""	U	U	Darksteel	28	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Karstoderm	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Karstoderm enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield, remove a +1/+1 counter from Karstoderm."	G	G	Darksteel	77	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Arcbound Crusher	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Trample
Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Arcbound Crusher.
Modular 1 (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)"			Darksteel	95	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Talon of Pain	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever a source you control other than Talon of Pain deals damage to an opponent, put a charge counter on Talon of Pain.
{X}, {T}, Remove X charge counters from Talon of Pain: It deals X damage to any target."			Darksteel	150	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Voltaic Construct	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem Construct	{2}: Untap target artifact creature.			Darksteel	156	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Auriok Salvagers	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	{1}{W}: Return target artifact card with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	4	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Krark-Clan Engineers	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"{R}, Sacrifice two artifacts: Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	70	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Viridian Lorebearers	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{3}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of artifacts your opponents control."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	99	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Clock of Omens	4	4	Artifact	Tap two untapped artifacts you control: Untap target artifact.			Fifth Dawn	110	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Etched Oracle	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Wizard	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
{1}, Remove four +1/+1 counters from Etched Oracle: Target player draws three cards."			Fifth Dawn	121	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Gemstone Array	4	4	Artifact	"{2}: Put a charge counter on Gemstone Array.
Remove a charge counter from Gemstone Array: Add one mana of any color."			Fifth Dawn	124	uncommon	Ittoku		
Goblin Cannon	4	4	Artifact	{2}: Goblin Cannon deals 1 damage to any target. Sacrifice Goblin Cannon.			Fifth Dawn	125	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Infused Arrows	4	4	Artifact	"Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)
{T}, Remove X charge counters from Infused Arrows: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."			Fifth Dawn	133	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Skullcage	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Skullcage deals 2 damage to that player unless they have exactly three or exactly four cards in hand."			Fifth Dawn	151	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Synod Centurion	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When you control no other artifacts, sacrifice Synod Centurion."			Fifth Dawn	161	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Honden of Cleansing Fire	3W	4	Legendary Enchantment ? Shrine	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 2 life for each Shrine you control."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	14	uncommon	Greg Staples		
"Nagao, Bound by Honor"	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Nagao, Bound by Honor attacks, Samurai creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	36	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Soratami Savant	2UU	4	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{3}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	90	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Blood Speaker	3B	4	Creature ? Ogre Shaman	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice Blood Speaker. If you do, search your library for a Demon card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Whenever a Demon enters the battlefield under your control, return Blood Speaker from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	103	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Hideous Laughter	2BB	4	Instant ? Arcane	"All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane {3}{B}{B} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	115	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Honden of Night's Reach	3B	4	Legendary Enchantment ? Shrine	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent discards a card for each Shrine you control."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	116	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Akki Underminer	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Rogue Shaman	"Whenever Akki Underminer deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices a permanent."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	155	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Kashi-Tribe Reaver	3G	4	Creature ? Snake Warrior	"Whenever Kashi-Tribe Reaver deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
{1}{G}: Regenerate Kashi-Tribe Reaver."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	220	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
"Sachi, Daughter of Seshiro"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Snake Shaman	"Other Snake creatures you control get +0/+1.
Shamans you control have ""{T}: Add {G}{G}."""	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	238	uncommon	Nottsuo		
"Sosuke, Son of Seshiro"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Snake Warrior	"Other Snake creatures you control get +1/+0.
Whenever a Warrior you control deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	244	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Indebted Samurai	3W	4	Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a Samurai you control dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Indebted Samurai."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	9	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Soratami Mindsweeper	3U	4	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	52	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Scourge of Numai	3B	4	Creature ? Demon Spirit	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life if you don't control an Ogre."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	80	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Overblaze	3R	4	Instant ? Arcane	"Each time target permanent would deal damage to a permanent or player this turn, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.
Splice onto Arcane {2}{R}{R} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	114	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Lifespinner	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{T}, Sacrifice three Spirits: Search your library for a legendary Spirit permanent card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	133	uncommon	Cara Mitten		
Eiganjo Free-Riders	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a white creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	8	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Oboro Envoy	3U	4	Creature ? Moonfolk Wizard	"Flying
{2}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	49	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Rushing-Tide Zubera	2UU	4	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Rushing-Tide Zubera dies, if 4 or more damage was dealt to it this turn, draw three cards."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	52	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Secretkeeper	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"As long as you have more cards in hand than each opponent, Secretkeeper gets +2/+2 and has flying."	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	54	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Shifting Borders	3U	4	Instant ? Arcane	"Exchange control of two target lands.
Splice onto Arcane {3}{U} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	56	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Measure of Wickedness	3B	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Measure of Wickedness and you lose 8 life.
Whenever another card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, target opponent gains control of Measure of Wickedness."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	82	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Razorjaw Oni	3B	4	Creature ? Demon Spirit	Black creatures can't block.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	87	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Burning-Eye Zubera	2RR	4	Creature ? Zubera Spirit	"When Burning-Eye Zubera dies, if 4 or more damage was dealt to it this turn, Burning-Eye Zubera deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	95	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Gaze of Adamaro	2RR	4	Instant ? Arcane	Gaze of Adamaro deals damage to target player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	98	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Sunder from Within	2RR	4	Sorcery ? Arcane	Destroy target artifact or land.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	117	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Yuki-Onna	3R	4	Creature ? Spirit	"When Yuki-Onna enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact.
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may return Yuki-Onna to its owner's hand."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	120	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Haru-Onna	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	"When Haru-Onna enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may return Haru-Onna to its owner's hand."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	132	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Sandsower	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	Tap three untapped creatures you control: Tap target creature.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	28	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Wojek Apothecary	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	Radiance ? {T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it this turn.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	36	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Carrion Howler	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Wolf	Pay 1 life: Carrion Howler gets +2/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	79	uncommon	John Zeleznik		
Keening Banshee	2BB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Keening Banshee enters the battlefield, target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	92	uncommon	Robert Bliss		
Indentured Oaf	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	Prevent all damage that Indentured Oaf would deal to red creatures.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	133	uncommon	Glenn Fabry		
Wojek Embermage	3R	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	Radiance ? {T}: Wojek Embermage deals 1 damage to target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it.	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	152	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Nullmage Shepherd	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	Tap four untapped creatures you control: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	174	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Flame-Kin Zealot	1RRW	4	Creature ? Elemental Berserker	"When Flame-Kin Zealot enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	206	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Moroii	2UB	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	216	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Sunhome Enforcer	2RW	4	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Whenever Sunhome Enforcer deals combat damage, you gain that much life.
{1}{R}: Sunhome Enforcer gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	233	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Droning Bureaucrats	3W	4	Creature ? Human Advisor	"{X}, {T}: Each creature with converted mana cost X can't attack or block this turn."	W	W	Guildpact	4	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Sinstriker's Will	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target attacking or blocking creature."""	W	W	Guildpact	16	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Aetherplasm	2UU	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Whenever Aetherplasm blocks a creature, you may return Aetherplasm to its owner's hand. If you do, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield blocking that creature."	U	U	Guildpact	22	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Cryptwailing	3B	4	Enchantment	"{1}, Exile two creature cards from your graveyard: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Guildpact	47	uncommon	Nick Percival		
Smogsteed Rider	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever Smogsteed Rider attacks, each other attacking creature gains fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Guildpact	63	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Ghor-Clan Bloodscale	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"First strike
{3}{G}: Ghor-Clan Bloodscale gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	R	R	Guildpact	66	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Rabble-Rouser	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
{R}, {T}: Attacking creatures get +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is Rabble-Rouser's power."	R	R	Guildpact	73	uncommon	Justin Norman		
Crypt Champion	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Double strike
When Crypt Champion enters the battlefield, each player puts a creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from their graveyard onto the battlefield.
When Crypt Champion enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless {R} was spent to cast it."	B	R	Dissension	40	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Flame-Kin War Scout	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Scout	"When another creature enters the battlefield, sacrifice Flame-Kin War Scout. If you do, Flame-Kin War Scout deals 4 damage to that creature."	R	R	Dissension	61	uncommon	Fred Hooper		
Patagia Viper	3G	4	Creature ? Snake	"Flying
When Patagia Viper enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 green and blue Snake creature tokens.
When Patagia Viper enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless {U} was spent to cast it."	G	U	Dissension	89	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Hellhole Rats	2BR	4	Creature ? Rat	"Haste
When Hellhole Rats enters the battlefield, target player discards a card. Hellhole Rats deals damage to that player equal to that card's converted mana cost."	R	R	Dissension	113	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Skullmead Cauldron	4	4	Artifact	"{T}: You gain 1 life.
{T}, Discard a card: You gain 3 life."			Dissension	167	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Transguild Courier	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Transguild Courier is all colors.	W	W	Dissension	168	uncommon	John Avon		
Glacial Plating	2WW	4	Snow Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Cumulative upkeep {S} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it. {S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 for each age counter on Glacial Plating."	W	W	Coldsnap	7	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Krovikan Whispers	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Cumulative upkeep {U} or {B} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
You control enchanted creature.
When Krovikan Whispers is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you lose 2 life for each age counter on it."	U	U	Coldsnap	39	uncommon	Nick Percival		
Balduvian Fallen	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Whenever Balduvian Fallen's cumulative upkeep is paid, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each {B} or {R} spent this way."	B	R	Coldsnap	51	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Balduvian Warlord	3R	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"{T}: Remove target blocking creature from combat. Creatures it was blocking that hadn't become blocked by another creature this combat become unblocked, then it blocks an attacking creature of your choice. Activate this ability only during the declare blockers step."	R	R	Coldsnap	77	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Magmatic Core	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your end step, Magmatic Core deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures, where X is the number of age counters on it."	R	R	Coldsnap	91	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Stalking Yeti	2RR	4	Snow Creature ? Yeti	"When Stalking Yeti enters the battlefield, if it's on the battlefield, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature an opponent controls and that creature deals damage equal to its power to Stalking Yeti.
{2}{S}: Return Stalking Yeti to its owner's hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"	R	R	Coldsnap	98	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Karplusan Strider	3G	4	Creature ? Yeti	Karplusan Strider can't be the target of blue or black spells.	G	G	Coldsnap	112	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Blizzard Specter	2UB	4	Snow Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Blizzard Specter deals combat damage to a player, choose one ?
? That player returns a permanent they control to its owner's hand.
? That player discards a card."	U	U	Coldsnap	126	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Cavalry Master	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Other creatures you control with flanking have flanking. (Each instance of flanking triggers separately.)"	W	W	Time Spiral	6	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Celestial Crusader	2WW	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Flying
Other white creatures get +1/+1."	W	W	Time Spiral	7	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Fledgling Mawcor	3U	4	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
{T}: Fledgling Mawcor deals 1 damage to any target.
Morph {U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Time Spiral	63	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Telekinetic Sliver	2UU	4	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: Tap target permanent."""	U	U	Time Spiral	84	uncommon	Randy Elliott		
Voidmage Husher	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Voidmage Husher enters the battlefield, counter target activated ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Whenever you cast a spell, you may return Voidmage Husher to its owner's hand."	U	U	Time Spiral	92	uncommon	Chippy		
Nightshade Assassin	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Assassin	"First strike
When Nightshade Assassin enters the battlefield, you may reveal X black cards in your hand. If you do, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.
Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	121	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Vampiric Sliver	3B	4	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have ""Whenever a creature dealt damage by this creature this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature."""	B	B	Time Spiral	140	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Barbed Shocker	3R	4	Creature ? Insect	"Trample, haste
Whenever Barbed Shocker deals damage to a player, that player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards."	R	R	Time Spiral	144	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Sporesower Thallid	2GG	4	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on each Fungus you control.
Remove three spore counters from Sporesower Thallid: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Time Spiral	220	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Calciderm	2WW	4	Creature ? Beast	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Vanishing 4 (This creature enters the battlefield with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)"	W	W	Planar Chaos	23	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Malach of the Dawn	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{W}{W}{W}: Regenerate Malach of the Dawn."	W	W	Planar Chaos	24	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Frozen Aether	3U	4	Enchantment	"Artifacts, creatures, and lands your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	U	U	Planar Chaos	54	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Waning Wurm	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Wurm	"Vanishing 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)"	B	B	Planar Chaos	83	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Pyrohemia	2RR	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of the end step, if no creatures are on the battlefield, sacrifice Pyrohemia.
{R}: Pyrohemia deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Planar Chaos	119	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Pouncing Wurm	3G	4	Creature ? Wurm	"Kicker {2}{G} (You may pay an additional {2}{G} as you cast this spell.)
If Pouncing Wurm was kicked, it enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it and with haste."	G	G	Planar Chaos	136	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Sophic Centaur	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Spellshaper	"{2}{G}{G}, {T}, Discard a card: You gain 2 life for each card in your hand."	G	G	Planar Chaos	139	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Dormant Sliver	2GU	4	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have defender.
All Slivers have ""When this permanent enters the battlefield, draw a card."""	U	U	Planar Chaos	156	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Lost Auramancers	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Lost Auramancers dies, if it had no time counters on it, you may search your library for an enchantment card and put it onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library."	W	W	Future Sight	11	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Cryptic Annelid	3U	4	Creature ? Worm Beast	"When Cryptic Annelid enters the battlefield, scry 1, then scry 2, then scry 3. (To scry X, look at the top X cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Future Sight	34	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Summon the School	3W	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Merfolk	"Create two 1/1 blue Merfolk Wizard creature tokens.
Tap four untapped Merfolk you control: Return Summon the School from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Lorwyn	42	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Veteran of the Depths	3W	4	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Whenever Veteran of the Depths becomes tapped, you may put a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Lorwyn	46	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Ethereal Whiskergill	3U	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Ethereal Whiskergill can't attack unless defending player controls an Island."	U	U	Lorwyn	60	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Faerie Harbinger	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
When Faerie Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Faerie card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	U	U	Lorwyn	61	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Fallowsage	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever Fallowsage becomes tapped, you may draw a card."	U	U	Lorwyn	63	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Glen Elendra Pranksters	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent's turn, you may return target creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Lorwyn	67	uncommon	Omar Rayyan		
Merrow Harbinger	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
When Merrow Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Merfolk card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	U	U	Lorwyn	73	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Turtleshell Changeling	3U	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{1}{U}: Switch Turtleshell Changeling's power and toughness until end of turn."	U	U	Lorwyn	94	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Fodder Launch	3B	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Goblin	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Goblin.
Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn. Fodder Launch deals 5 damage to that creature's controller."	B	B	Lorwyn	114	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Marsh Flitter	3B	4	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
When Marsh Flitter enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 black Goblin Rogue creature tokens.
Sacrifice a Goblin: Marsh Flitter has base power and toughness 3/3 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	125	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Ceaseless Searblades	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"Whenever you activate an ability of an Elemental, Ceaseless Searblades gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Lorwyn	158	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Changeling Berserker	3R	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Haste
Champion a creature (When this enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another creature you control. When this leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	160	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Rebellion of the Flamekin	3R	4	Tribal Enchantment ? Elemental	"Whenever you clash, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a 3/1 red Elemental Shaman creature token. If you won, that token gains haste until end of turn. (This ability triggers after the clash ends.)"	R	R	Lorwyn	188	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Tar Pitcher	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{T}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Tar Pitcher deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Lorwyn	193	uncommon	Omar Rayyan		
Briarhorn	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash
When Briarhorn enters the battlefield, target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Evoke {1}{G} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	G	G	Lorwyn	199	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Elvish Promenade	3G	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Elf	Create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token for each Elf you control.	G	G	Lorwyn	208	uncommon	Steve Ellis		
Meadowboon	2WW	4	Creature ? Elemental	"When Meadowboon leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature target player controls.
Evoke {3}{W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	W	W	Morningtide	17	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Inspired Sprite	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
Whenever you cast a Wizard spell, you may untap Inspired Sprite.
{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Morningtide	37	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Nevermaker	3U	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Nevermaker leaves the battlefield, put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library.
Evoke {3}{U} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	U	U	Morningtide	44	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Noggin Whack	2BB	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Rogue	"Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.)
Target player reveals three cards from their hand. You choose two of them. That player discards those cards."	B	B	Morningtide	70	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Stinkdrinker Bandit	3B	4	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Goblin or Rogue.)
Whenever a Rogue you control attacks and isn't blocked, it gets +2/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Morningtide	80	uncommon	Brandon Dorman		
Hunting Triad	3G	4	Tribal Sorcery ? Elf	"Create three 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens.
Reinforce 3?{3}{G} ({3}{G}, Discard this card: Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature.)"	G	G	Morningtide	127	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Armored Ascension	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Plains you control and has flying."	W	W	Shadowmoor	2	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Kithkin Rabble	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin	"Vigilance
Kithkin Rabble's power and toughness are each equal to the number of white permanents you control."	W	W	Shadowmoor	9	uncommon	Omar Rayyan		
Faerie Swarm	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
Faerie Swarm's power and toughness are each equal to the number of blue permanents you control."	U	U	Shadowmoor	37	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Crowd of Cinders	3B	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Crowd of Cinders's power and toughness are each equal to the number of black permanents you control."	B	B	Shadowmoor	63	uncommon	Carl Frank		
Horde of Boggarts	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Horde of Boggarts's power and toughness are each equal to the number of red permanents you control."	R	R	Shadowmoor	94	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Slinking Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Rogue	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Whenever Slinking Giant blocks or becomes blocked, it gets -3/-0 until end of turn."	R	R	Shadowmoor	106	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Drove of Elves	3G	4	Creature ? Elf	"Hexproof
Drove of Elves's power and toughness are each equal to the number of green permanents you control."	G	G	Shadowmoor	112	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Merrow Grimeblotter	3U/B	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{1}{U/B}, {Q}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	171	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Murderous Redcap	2B/RB/R	4	Creature ? Goblin Assassin	"When Murderous Redcap enters the battlefield, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	192	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Gnarled Effigy	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."			Shadowmoor	251	uncommon	Ron Brown		
Lockjaw Snapper	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
When Lockjaw Snapper dies, put a -1/-1 counter on each creature with a -1/-1 counter on it."			Shadowmoor	255	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Springjack Shepherd	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"Chroma ? When Springjack Shepherd enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 white Goat creature token for each white mana symbol in the mana costs of permanents you control."	W	W	Eventide	15	uncommon	Thomas Denmark		
Lingering Tormentor	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Eventide	36	uncommon	Joshua Hagler		
Hatchet Bully	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{2}{R}, {T}, Put a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control: Hatchet Bully deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Eventide	54	uncommon	Paul Bonner		
Swirling Spriggan	2GG	4	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	{G/U}{G/U}: Target creature you control becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn.	G	U	Eventide	76	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Voracious Hatchling	3W/B	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Lifelink
Voracious Hatchling enters the battlefield with four -1/-1 counters on it.
Whenever you cast a white spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Voracious Hatchling.
Whenever you cast a black spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Voracious Hatchling."	W	W	Eventide	97	uncommon	Jeremy Enecio		
Shrewd Hatchling	3U/R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Shrewd Hatchling enters the battlefield with four -1/-1 counters on it.
{U/R}: Target creature can't block Shrewd Hatchling this turn.
Whenever you cast a blue spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Shrewd Hatchling.
Whenever you cast a red spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Shrewd Hatchling."	U	U	Eventide	112	uncommon	Carl Frank		
Noxious Hatchling	3B/G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Noxious Hatchling enters the battlefield with four -1/-1 counters on it.
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Whenever you cast a black spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Noxious Hatchling.
Whenever you cast a green spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Noxious Hatchling."	G	G	Eventide	124	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Belligerent Hatchling	3R/W	4	Creature ? Elemental	"First strike
Belligerent Hatchling enters the battlefield with four -1/-1 counters on it.
Whenever you cast a red spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Belligerent Hatchling.
Whenever you cast a white spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Belligerent Hatchling."	W	W	Eventide	134	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Sturdy Hatchling	3G/U	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Sturdy Hatchling enters the battlefield with four -1/-1 counters on it.
{G/U}: Sturdy Hatchling gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Whenever you cast a green spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Sturdy Hatchling.
Whenever you cast a blue spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Sturdy Hatchling."	U	U	Eventide	163	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Angelic Benediction	3W	4	Enchantment	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Shards of Alara	3	uncommon	Michael Komarck		
Filigree Sages	3U	4	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	{2}{U}: Untap target artifact.	U	U	Shards of Alara	44	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Scavenger Drake	3B	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Whenever another creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Scavenger Drake."	B	B	Shards of Alara	85	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Algae Gharial	3G	4	Creature ? Crocodile	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Whenever another creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Algae Gharial."	G	G	Shards of Alara	123	uncommon	Michael Ryan		
Drumhunter	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid Warrior	"At the beginning of your end step, if you control a creature with power 5 or greater, you may draw a card.
{T}: Add {C}."	G	G	Shards of Alara	129	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Rhox Charger	3G	4	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"Trample
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	G	G	Shards of Alara	145	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Fire-Field Ogre	1UBR	4	Creature ? Ogre Mutant	"First strike
Unearth {U}{B}{R} ({U}{B}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	168	uncommon	Mitch Cotie		
Tower Gargoyle	1WUB	4	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	Flying	W	W	Shards of Alara	205	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Cumber Stone	3U	4	Artifact	Creatures your opponents control get -1/-0.	U	U	Conflux	24	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Scornful Aether-Lich	3U	4	Artifact Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{W}{B}: Scornful Aether-Lich gains fear and vigilance until end of turn. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap, and it can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	U	W	Conflux	34	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Hellkite Hatchling	2RG	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
Hellkite Hatchling has flying and trample if it devoured a creature."	R	R	Conflux	111	uncommon	Daarken		
Manaforce Mace	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Domain ? Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each basic land type among lands you control.
Equip {3}"			Conflux	139	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Unbender Tine	2WU	4	Artifact	{T}: Untap another target permanent.	W	W	Alara Reborn	15	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Kathari Remnant	2UB	4	Creature ? Bird Skeleton	"Flying
{B}: Regenerate Kathari Remnant.
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	U	U	Alara Reborn	23	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Sigil Captain	1GWW	4	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature is 1/1, put two +1/+1 counters on it."	W	W	Alara Reborn	77	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Etherwrought Page	1WUB	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one ?
? You gain 2 life.
? Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.
? Each opponent loses 1 life."	W	W	Alara Reborn	108	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Gloryscale Viashino	1RGW	4	Creature ? Viashino Soldier	"Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, Gloryscale Viashino gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Alara Reborn	120	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Marisi's Twinclaws	2R/WG	4	Creature ? Cat Warrior	Double strike	W	W	Alara Reborn	140	uncommon	Izzy		
Messenger Falcons	2G/UW	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Messenger Falcons enters the battlefield, draw a card."	W	W	Alara Reborn	145	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Merfolk Seastalkers	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
{2}{U}: Tap target creature without flying."	U	U	Zendikar	55	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Inferno Trap	3R	4	Instant ? Trap	"If you've been dealt damage by two or more creatures this turn, you may pay {R} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Inferno Trap deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Zendikar	133	uncommon	Philip Straub		
Khalni Gem	4	4	Artifact	"When Khalni Gem enters the battlefield, return two lands you control to their owner's hand.
{T}: Add two mana of any one color."			Zendikar	205	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Lightkeeper of Emeria	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Multikicker {W} (You may pay an additional {W} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Lightkeeper of Emeria enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life for each time it was kicked."	W	W	Worldwake	12	uncommon	James Ryman		
Refraction Trap	3W	4	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent cast a red instant or sorcery spell this turn, you may pay {W} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Prevent the next 3 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn. If damage is prevented this way, Refraction Trap deals that much damage to any target."	W	W	Worldwake	17	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Voyager Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Multikicker {U} (You may pay an additional {U} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Voyager Drake enters the battlefield, up to X target creatures gain flying until end of turn, where X is the number of times Voyager Drake was kicked."	U	U	Worldwake	45	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Shoreline Salvager	3B	4	Creature ? Surrakar	"Whenever Shoreline Salvager deals combat damage to a player, if you control an Island, you may draw a card."	B	B	Worldwake	67	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Ricochet Trap	3R	4	Instant ? Trap	"If an opponent cast a blue spell this turn, you may pay {R} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Change the target of target spell with a single target."	R	R	Worldwake	87	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Tuktuk Scrapper	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Artificer Ally	"Whenever Tuktuk Scrapper or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may destroy target artifact. If that artifact is put into a graveyard this way, Tuktuk Scrapper deals damage to that artifact's controller equal to the number of Allies you control."	R	R	Worldwake	94	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Slingbow Trap	3G	4	Instant ? Trap	"If a black creature with flying is attacking, you may pay {G} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy target attacking creature with flying."	G	G	Worldwake	111	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Summit Apes	3G	4	Creature ? Ape	"As long as you control a Mountain, Summit Apes has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	G	G	Worldwake	114	uncommon	Vronique Meignaud		
Domestication	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
At the beginning of your end step, if enchanted creature's power is 4 or greater, sacrifice Domestication."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	61	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Merfolk Skyscout	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"Flying
Whenever Merfolk Skyscout attacks or blocks, untap target permanent."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	77	uncommon	rk post		
Curse of Wizardry	2BB	4	Enchantment	"As Curse of Wizardry enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever a player casts a spell of the chosen color, that player loses 1 life."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	104	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Escaped Null	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Berserker	"Lifelink
Whenever Escaped Null blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +5/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	109	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Soulsurge Elemental	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"First strike
Soulsurge Elemental's power is equal to the number of creatures you control."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	163	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Slith Ascendant	1WW	3	Creature ? Slith	"Flying
Whenever Slith Ascendant deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Mirrodin	23	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Domineer	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact creature
You control enchanted artifact creature."	U	U	Mirrodin	33	uncommon	Jon Foster		
Psychic Membrane	2U	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Psychic Membrane blocks, you may draw a card."	U	U	Mirrodin	46	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Relic Bane	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life."""	B	B	Mirrodin	76	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Wall of Blood	2B	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Pay 1 life: Wall of Blood gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Mirrodin	82	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Viridian Shaman	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Viridian Shaman enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	G	G	Mirrodin	139	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Crystal Shard	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T} or {U}, {T}: Return target creature to its owner's hand unless its controller pays {1}."		U	Mirrodin	159	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Fireshrieker	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has double strike. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Mirrodin	171	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Granite Shard	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T} or {R}, {T}: Granite Shard deals 1 damage to any target."		R	Mirrodin	182	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Leonin Bladetrap	3	3	Artifact	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
{2}, Sacrifice Leonin Bladetrap: It deals 2 damage to each attacking creature without flying."			Mirrodin	192	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Loxodon Warhammer	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and has trample and lifelink.
Equip {3}"			Mirrodin	201	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Mindstorm Crown	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you had no cards in hand at the beginning of this turn. If you had a card in hand, Mindstorm Crown deals 1 damage to you."			Mirrodin	207	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Nuisance Engine	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Create a 0/1 colorless Pest artifact creature token."			Mirrodin	221	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Pearl Shard	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T} or {W}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."		W	Mirrodin	225	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Serum Tank	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever Serum Tank or another artifact enters the battlefield, put a charge counter on Serum Tank.
{3}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Serum Tank: Draw a card."			Mirrodin	240	uncommon	Corey D. Macourek		
Skeleton Shard	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T} or {B}, {T}: Return target artifact creature card from your graveyard to your hand."		B	Mirrodin	242	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Emissary of Hope	1WW	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Emissary of Hope deals combat damage to a player, you gain 1 life for each artifact that player controls."	W	W	Darksteel	3	uncommon	rk post		
Neurok Transmuter	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}: Target creature becomes an artifact in addition to its other types until end of turn.
{U}: Until end of turn, target artifact creature becomes blue and isn't an artifact."	U	U	Darksteel	27	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Emissary of Despair	1BB	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Emissary of Despair deals combat damage to a player, that player loses 1 life for each artifact they control."	B	B	Darksteel	42	uncommon	rk post		
Nim Abomination	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your end step, if Nim Abomination is untapped, you lose 3 life."	B	B	Darksteel	49	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Screams from Within	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1.
When enchanted creature dies, return Screams from Within from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Darksteel	52	uncommon	Hugh Jamieson		
Chimeric Egg	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever an opponent casts a nonartifact spell, put a charge counter on Chimeric Egg.
Remove three charge counters from Chimeric Egg: Chimeric Egg becomes a 6/6 Construct artifact creature with trample until end of turn."			Darksteel	106	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Nemesis Mask	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"All creatures able to block equipped creature do so.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Darksteel	134	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Thunderstaff	3	3	Artifact	"As long as Thunderstaff is untapped, if a creature would deal combat damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage.
{2}, {T}: Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn."			Darksteel	153	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Wirefly Hive	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, create a 2/2 colorless Insect artifact creature token with flying named Wirefly. If you lose the flip, destroy all permanents named Wirefly."			Darksteel	161	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Disruption Aura	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this artifact unless you pay its mana cost."""	U	U	Fifth Dawn	28	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Eyes of the Watcher	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Fifth Dawn	30	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Ebon Drake	2B	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Whenever a player casts a spell, you lose 1 life."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	48	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Ensouled Scimitar	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"{3}: Ensouled Scimitar becomes a 1/5 Spirit artifact creature with flying until end of turn. (Equipment that's a creature can't equip a creature.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+5.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Fifth Dawn	119	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Ferropede	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Ferropede can't be blocked.
Whenever Ferropede deals combat damage to a player, you may remove a counter from target permanent."			Fifth Dawn	122	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Eerie Procession	2U	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	"Search your library for an Arcane card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	58	uncommon	Jim Murray		
Graceful Adept	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	You have no maximum hand size.	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	63	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Oni Possession	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has trample.
Enchanted creature is a Demon Spirit."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	135	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Brothers Yamazaki	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
If there are exactly two permanents named Brothers Yamazaki on the battlefield, the ""legend rule"" doesn't apply to them.
Each other creature named Brothers Yamazaki gets +2/+2 and has haste."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	160	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Honden of Infinite Rage	2R	3	Legendary Enchantment ? Shrine	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Honden of Infinite Rage deals damage to any target equal to the number of Shrines you control."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	172	uncommon	John Avon		
Honor-Worn Shaku	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
Tap an untapped legendary permanent you control: Untap Honor-Worn Shaku."			Champions of Kamigawa	254	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Nine-Ringed Bo	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Nine-Ringed Bo deals 1 damage to target Spirit creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."			Champions of Kamigawa	263	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
"Tenza, Godo's Maul"	3	3	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1. As long as it's legendary, it gets an additional +2/+2. As long as it's red, it has trample.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Champions of Kamigawa	271	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Kitsune Palliator	2W	3	Creature ? Fox Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to each creature and each player this turn.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	14	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Mark of the Oni	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
At the beginning of the end step, if you control no Demons, sacrifice Mark of the Oni."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	73	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Ogre Marauder	1BB	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever Ogre Marauder attacks, it gains ""Ogre Marauder can't be blocked"" until end of turn unless defending player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	75	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Aura Barbs	2R	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Each enchantment deals 2 damage to its controller, then each Aura attached to a creature deals 2 damage to the creature it's attached to."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	94	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Unchecked Growth	2G	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. If it's a Spirit, it gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	148	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Ronin Warclub	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, attach Ronin Warclub to that creature.
Equip {5} ({5}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Betrayers of Kamigawa	158	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Descendant of Kiyomaro	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As long as you have more cards in hand than each opponent, Descendant of Kiyomaro gets +1/+2 and has ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage, you gain 3 life."""	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	7	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Skull Collector	1BB	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"At the beginning of your upkeep, return a black creature you control to its owner's hand.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Skull Collector."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	90	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Captive Flame	2R	3	Enchantment	{R}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	96	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Ghost-Lit Raider	2R	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{2}{R}, {T}: Ghost-Lit Raider deals 2 damage to target creature.
Channel ? {3}{R}, Discard Ghost-Lit Raider: It deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	99	uncommon	Ittoku		
Sokenzan Renegade	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Samurai Mercenary	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if a player has more cards in hand than each other player, the player who has the most cards in hand gains control of Sokenzan Renegade."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	114	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Descendant of Masumaro	2G	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Descendant of Masumaro for each card in your hand, then remove a +1/+1 counter from Descendant of Masumaro for each card in target opponent's hand."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	126	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Kashi-Tribe Elite	1GG	3	Creature ? Snake Warrior	"Legendary Snakes you control have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)
Whenever Kashi-Tribe Elite deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	135	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Halcyon Glaze	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, Halcyon Glaze becomes a 4/4 Illusion creature with flying in addition to its other types until end of turn."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	54	uncommon	John Avon		
Stoneshaker Shaman	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"At the beginning of each player's end step, that player sacrifices an untapped land."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	145	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Carven Caryatid	1GG	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Carven Caryatid enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	155	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Ivy Dancer	2G	3	Creature ? Dryad Shaman	{T}: Target creature gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	171	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Golgari Germination	1BG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	209	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Spectral Searchlight	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Choose a player. That player adds one mana of any color they choose.			Ravnica: City of Guilds	271	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Vedalken Plotter	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"When Vedalken Plotter enters the battlefield, exchange control of target land you control and target land an opponent controls."	U	U	Guildpact	41	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Daggerclaw Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Daggerclaw Imp can't block."	B	B	Guildpact	48	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Hissing Miasma	1BB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks you, its controller loses 1 life."	B	B	Guildpact	51	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Hypervolt Grasp	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target.""
{1}{U}: Return Hypervolt Grasp to its owner's hand."	R	U	Guildpact	67	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Gristleback	2G	3	Creature ? Boar Beast	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Sacrifice Gristleback: You gain life equal to Gristleback's power."	G	G	Guildpact	87	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Feral Animist	1RG	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{3}: Feral Animist gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is its power."	R	R	Guildpact	112	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Gelectrode	1UR	3	Creature ? Weird	"{T}: Gelectrode deals 1 damage to any target.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may untap Gelectrode."	U	U	Guildpact	113	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Goblin Flectomancer	URR	3	Creature ? Goblin Wizard	Sacrifice Goblin Flectomancer: You may change the targets of target instant or sorcery spell.	U	U	Guildpact	116	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Souls of the Faultless	WBB	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Souls of the Faultless is dealt combat damage, you gain that much life and attacking player loses that much life."	W	W	Guildpact	131	uncommon	Pat Lee		
Azorius Herald	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Azorius Herald can't be blocked.
When Azorius Herald enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life.
When Azorius Herald enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless {U} was spent to cast it."	W	W	Dissension	2	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Stoic Ephemera	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
When Stoic Ephemera blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat."	W	W	Dissension	19	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Flaring Flame-Kin	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	"As long as Flaring Flame-Kin is enchanted, it gets +2/+2, has trample, and has ""{R}: Flaring Flame-Kin gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Dissension	62	uncommon	Brian Hagan		
Azorius Aethermage	1WU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever a permanent is returned to your hand, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card."	W	W	Dissension	104	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Jagged Poppet	1BR	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever Jagged Poppet is dealt damage, discard that many cards.
Hellbent ? Whenever Jagged Poppet deals combat damage to a player, if you have no cards in hand, that player discards cards equal to the damage."	R	R	Dissension	115	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Pain Magnification	1BR	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent is dealt 3 or more damage by a single source, that player discards a card."	R	R	Dissension	121	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Plaxcaster Frogling	1GU	3	Creature ? Frog Mutant	"Graft 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it. Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this creature onto it.)
{2}: Target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Dissension	123	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Trygon Predator	1GU	3	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
Whenever Trygon Predator deals combat damage to a player, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment that player controls."	U	U	Dissension	133	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Jtun Owl Keeper	2W	3	Creature ? Giant	"Cumulative upkeep {W} or {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Jtun Owl Keeper dies, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying for each age counter on it."	W	W	Coldsnap	9	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Earthen Goo	2R	3	Creature ? Ooze	"Trample
Cumulative upkeep {R} or {G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Earthen Goo gets +1/+1 for each age counter on it."	R	R	Coldsnap	80	uncommon	Nick Percival		
Wilderness Elemental	1RG	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Wilderness Elemental's power is equal to the number of nonbasic lands your opponents control."	R	R	Coldsnap	134	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Phyrexian Ironfoot	3	3	Snow Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Phyrexian Ironfoot doesn't untap during your untap step.
{1}{S}: Untap Phyrexian Ironfoot. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)"			Coldsnap	139	uncommon	Stephan Martiniere		
Griffin Guide	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying.
When enchanted creature dies, create a 2/2 white Griffin creature token with flying."	W	W	Time Spiral	21	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Outrider en-Kor	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Rebel Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Outrider en-Kor this turn is dealt to target creature you control instead."	W	W	Time Spiral	31	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Plated Pegasus	2W	3	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
If a spell would deal damage to a permanent or player, prevent 1 damage that spell would deal to that permanent or player."	W	W	Time Spiral	34	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Paradox Haze	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's first upkeep each turn, that player gets an additional upkeep step after this step."	U	U	Time Spiral	71	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Faceless Devourer	2B	3	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
When Faceless Devourer enters the battlefield, exile another target creature with shadow.
When Faceless Devourer leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	B	B	Time Spiral	108	uncommon	Chippy		
Fallen Ideal	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying and ""Sacrifice a creature: This creature gets +2/+1 until end of turn.""
When Fallen Ideal is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Fallen Ideal to its owner's hand."	B	B	Time Spiral	109	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Basalt Gargoyle	2R	3	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
Echo {2}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
{R}: Basalt Gargoyle gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral	145	uncommon	Clint Langley		
Primal Forcemage	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, that creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Time Spiral	212	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Yavimaya Dryad	1GG	3	Creature ? Dryad	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
When Yavimaya Dryad enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Forest card and put it onto the battlefield tapped under target player's control. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Time Spiral	235	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Firewake Sliver	1RG	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have haste.
All Slivers have ""{1}, Sacrifice this permanent: Target Sliver creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."""	R	R	Time Spiral	238	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Harmonic Sliver	1GW	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""When this permanent enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact or enchantment."""	W	W	Time Spiral	240	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Opaline Sliver	1WU	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""Whenever this permanent becomes the target of a spell an opponent controls, you may draw a card."""	W	W	Time Spiral	244	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Chronatog Totem	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U}.
{1}{U}: Chronatog Totem becomes a 1/2 blue Atog artifact creature until end of turn.
{0}: Chronatog Totem gets +3/+3 until end of turn. You skip your next turn. Activate this ability only once each turn and only if Chronatog Totem is a creature."		U	Time Spiral	252	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Foriysian Totem	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R}.
{4}{R}: Foriysian Totem becomes a 4/4 red Giant artifact creature with trample until end of turn.
As long as Foriysian Totem is a creature, it can block an additional creature each combat."		R	Time Spiral	254	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Phyrexian Totem	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B}.
{2}{B}: Phyrexian Totem becomes a 5/5 black Horror artifact creature with trample until end of turn.
Whenever Phyrexian Totem is dealt damage, if it's a creature, sacrifice that many permanents."		B	Time Spiral	261	uncommon	John Zeleznik		
Thunder Totem	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W}.
{1}{W}{W}: Thunder Totem becomes a 2/2 white Spirit artifact creature with flying and first strike until end of turn."		W	Time Spiral	265	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Riftmarked Knight	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Rebel Knight	"Protection from black; flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Suspend 3?{1}{W}{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{W}{W} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
When the last time counter is removed from Riftmarked Knight while it's exiled, create a 2/2 black Knight creature token with flanking, protection from white, and haste."	W	W	Planar Chaos	14	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Stonecloaker	2W	3	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
When Stonecloaker enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand.
When Stonecloaker enters the battlefield, exile target card from a graveyard."	W	W	Planar Chaos	19	uncommon	Tomas Giorello		
Tidewalker	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Tidewalker enters the battlefield with a time counter on it for each Island you control.
Vanishing (At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from this creature. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
Tidewalker's power and toughness are each equal to the number of time counters on it."	U	U	Planar Chaos	49	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Big Game Hunter	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Rebel Assassin	"When Big Game Hunter enters the battlefield, destroy target creature with power 4 or greater. It can't be regenerated.
Madness {B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Planar Chaos	63	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Aether Membrane	1RR	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender; reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Aether Membrane blocks a creature, return that creature to its owner's hand at end of combat."	R	R	Planar Chaos	93	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Lavacore Elemental	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Vanishing 1 (This creature enters the battlefield with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a time counter on Lavacore Elemental."	R	R	Planar Chaos	103	uncommon	E. M. Gist		
Sulfur Elemental	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
White creatures get +1/-1."	R	R	Planar Chaos	108	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Ana Battlemage	2G	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {2}{U} and/or {1}{B} (You may pay an additional {2}{U} and/or {1}{B} as you cast this spell.)
When Ana Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {2}{U} kicker, target player discards three cards.
When Ana Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {1}{B} kicker, tap target untapped creature and that creature deals damage equal to its power to its controller."	G	U	Planar Chaos	124	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Psychotrope Thallid	2G	3	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Psychotrope Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Psychotrope Thallid: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
{1}, Sacrifice a Saproling: Draw a card."	G	G	Planar Chaos	137	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Hedge Troll	2G	3	Creature ? Troll Cleric	"Hedge Troll gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Plains.
{W}: Regenerate Hedge Troll."	G	W	Planar Chaos	151	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Frenetic Sliver	1UR	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{0}: If this permanent is on the battlefield, flip a coin. If you win the flip, exile this permanent and return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step. If you lose the flip, sacrifice it."""	U	U	Planar Chaos	157	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Spirit en-Dal	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Forecast ? {1}{W}, Reveal Spirit en-Dal from your hand: Target creature gains shadow until end of turn. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Future Sight	17	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Stronghold Rats	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Stronghold Rats deals combat damage to a player, each player discards a card."	B	B	Future Sight	79	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Ravaging Riftwurm	1GG	3	Creature ? Wurm	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Vanishing 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
If Ravaging Riftwurm was kicked, it enters the battlefield with three additional time counters on it."	G	G	Future Sight	135	uncommon	Michael Phillippi		
Crib Swap	2W	3	Tribal Instant ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Exile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling."	W	W	Lorwyn	11	uncommon	Brandon Dorman		
Harpoon Sniper	2W	3	Creature ? Merfolk Archer	"{W}, {T}: Harpoon Sniper deals X damage to target attacking or blocking creature, where X is the number of Merfolk you control."	W	W	Lorwyn	19	uncommon	Dominick Domingo		
Kithkin Harbinger	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"When Kithkin Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Kithkin card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	W	W	Lorwyn	26	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Captivating Glance	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your end step, clash with an opponent. If you win, gain control of enchanted creature. Otherwise, that player gains control of enchanted creature. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	55	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Drowner of Secrets	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	Tap an untapped Merfolk you control: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Lorwyn	58	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Ego Erasure	2U	3	Tribal Instant ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Creatures target player controls get -2/-0 and lose all creature types until end of turn."	U	U	Lorwyn	59	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Boggart Harbinger	2B	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"When Boggart Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Goblin card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	B	B	Lorwyn	102	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Faerie Tauntings	2B	3	Tribal Enchantment ? Faerie	"Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent's turn, you may have each opponent lose 1 life."	B	B	Lorwyn	112	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Lys Alana Scarblade	2B	3	Creature ? Elf Assassin	"{T}, Discard an Elf card: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Elves you control."	B	B	Lorwyn	122	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Boggart Shenanigans	2R	3	Tribal Enchantment ? Goblin	"Whenever another Goblin you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may have Boggart Shenanigans deal 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Lorwyn	155	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Goatnapper	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"When Goatnapper enters the battlefield, untap target Goat and gain control of it until end of turn. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Lorwyn	172	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Elvish Harbinger	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Elvish Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Elf card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Lorwyn	207	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Imperious Perfect	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.
{G}, {T}: Create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	G	G	Lorwyn	220	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Jagged-Scar Archers	1GG	3	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Jagged-Scar Archers's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Elves you control.
{T}: Jagged-Scar Archers deals damage equal to its power to target creature with flying."	G	G	Lorwyn	222	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Kithkin Mourncaller	2G	3	Creature ? Kithkin Scout	"Whenever an attacking Kithkin or Elf is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may draw a card."	G	G	Lorwyn	224	uncommon	Dominick Domingo		
Sage of Fables	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Each other Wizard creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Draw a card."	U	U	Morningtide	47	uncommon	Shelly Wan		
Sage's Dousing	2U	3	Tribal Instant ? Wizard	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}. If you control a Wizard, draw a card."	U	U	Morningtide	48	uncommon	Richard Sardinha		
Thieves' Fortune	2U	3	Tribal Instant ? Rogue	"Prowl {U} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Rogue.)
Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Morningtide	54	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Diviner's Wand	3	3	Tribal Artifact ? Wizard Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""Whenever you draw a card, this creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn"" and ""{4}: Draw a card.""
Whenever a Wizard creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Diviner's Wand to it.
Equip {3}"			Morningtide	142	uncommon	Wayne England		
Obsidian Battle-Axe	3	3	Tribal Artifact ? Warrior Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+1 and has haste.
Whenever a Warrior creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Obsidian Battle-Axe to it.
Equip {3}"			Morningtide	144	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Prison Term	1WW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, you may attach Prison Term to that creature."	W	W	Shadowmoor	18	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Leech Bonder	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Leech Bonder enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it.
{U}, {Q}: Move a counter from target creature onto a second target creature. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	43	uncommon	E. M. Gist		
Blowfly Infestation	2B	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, if it had a -1/-1 counter on it, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	B	B	Shadowmoor	58	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Corrosive Mentor	2B	3	Creature ? Elemental Rogue	Black creatures you control have wither. (They deal damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)	B	B	Shadowmoor	61	uncommon	Daarken		
Plumeveil	W/UW/UW/U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flash
Defender, flying"	W	W	Shadowmoor	145	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Wasp Lancer	U/BU/BU/B	3	Creature ? Faerie Soldier	Flying	U	U	Shadowmoor	179	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Ashenmoor Gouger	B/RB/RB/R	3	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	Ashenmoor Gouger can't block.	R	R	Shadowmoor	180	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Boggart Ram-Gang	R/GR/GR/G	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Haste
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	203	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers	G/WG/WG/W	3	Creature ? Elf Knight	Vigilance	W	W	Shadowmoor	244	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Lurebound Scarecrow	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"As Lurebound Scarecrow enters the battlefield, choose a color.
When you control no permanents of the chosen color, sacrifice Lurebound Scarecrow."			Shadowmoor	256	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Tatterkite	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Flying
Tatterkite can't have counters put on it."			Shadowmoor	264	uncommon	Ron Brown		
Umbral Mantle	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{3}, {Q}: This creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."" ({Q} is the untap symbol.)
Equip {0}"			Shadowmoor	267	uncommon	Richard Sardinha		
Razorfin Abolisher	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{1}{U}, {T}: Return target creature with a counter on it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Eventide	28	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Soot Imp	1BB	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Whenever a player casts a nonblack spell, that player loses 1 life."	B	B	Eventide	43	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Bloodied Ghost	1W/BW/B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Bloodied Ghost enters the battlefield with a -1/-1 counter on it."	W	W	Eventide	83	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Gwyllion Hedge-Mage	2W/B	3	Creature ? Hag Wizard	"When Gwyllion Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Plains, you may create a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token.
When Gwyllion Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Swamps, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	W	W	Eventide	89	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Restless Apparition	W/BW/BW/B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{W/B}{W/B}{W/B}: Restless Apparition gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Eventide	94	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Crag Puca	U/RU/RU/R	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	{U/R}: Switch Crag Puca's power and toughness until end of turn.	U	U	Eventide	101	uncommon	John Howe (Lorywn)		
Noggle Hedge-Mage	2U/R	3	Creature ? Noggle Wizard	"When Noggle Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Islands, you may tap two target permanents.
When Noggle Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Mountains, you may have Noggle Hedge-Mage deal 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."	U	U	Eventide	108	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Noggle Ransacker	2U/R	3	Creature ? Noggle Rogue	"When Noggle Ransacker enters the battlefield, each player draws two cards, then discards a card at random."	U	U	Eventide	109	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Hag Hedge-Mage	2B/G	3	Creature ? Hag Shaman	"When Hag Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Swamps, you may have target player discard a card.
When Hag Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Forests, you may put target card from your graveyard on top of your library."	G	G	Eventide	123	uncommon	Scott Altmann		
Stalker Hag	B/GB/GB/G	3	Creature ? Hag	"Swampwalk, forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp or a Forest.)"	G	G	Eventide	129	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Duergar Hedge-Mage	2R/W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Shaman	"When Duergar Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Mountains, you may destroy target artifact.
When Duergar Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Plains, you may destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Eventide	137	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Duergar Mine-Captain	2R/W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	"{1}{R/W}, {Q}: Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Eventide	138	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Hearthfire Hobgoblin	R/WR/WR/W	3	Creature ? Goblin Soldier	Double strike	W	W	Eventide	141	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Selkie Hedge-Mage	2G/U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Selkie Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Forests, you may gain 3 life.
When Selkie Hedge-Mage enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Islands, you may return target tapped creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Eventide	158	uncommon	Larry MacDougall		
Bant Battlemage	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{G}, {T}: Target creature gains trample until end of turn.
{U}, {T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Shards of Alara	5	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Sunseed Nurturer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Druid Wizard	"At the beginning of your end step, if you control a creature with power 5 or greater, you may gain 2 life.
{T}: Add {C}."	W	W	Shards of Alara	29	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Dawnray Archer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{W}, {T}: Dawnray Archer deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	U	W	Shards of Alara	39	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Esper Battlemage	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to you this turn.
{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	U	W	Shards of Alara	40	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Etherium Astrolabe	2U	3	Artifact	"Flash
{B}, {T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card."	U	U	Shards of Alara	41	uncommon	Michael Bruinsma		
Protomatter Powder	2U	3	Artifact	"{4}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Protomatter Powder: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	U	W	Shards of Alara	53	uncommon	Francis Tsai		
Grixis Battlemage	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
{R}, {T}: Target creature can't block this turn."	B	U	Shards of Alara	78	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Exuberant Firestoker	2R	3	Creature ? Human Druid Shaman	"At the beginning of your end step, if you control a creature with power 5 or greater, you may have Exuberant Firestoker deal 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{T}: Add {C}."	R	R	Shards of Alara	99	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Jund Battlemage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{B}, {T}: Target player loses 1 life.
{G}, {T}: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	R	R	Shards of Alara	106	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Rockslide Elemental	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"First strike
Whenever another creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Rockslide Elemental."	R	R	Shards of Alara	112	uncommon	Joshua Hagler		
Thunder-Thrash Elder	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Devour 3 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with three times that many +1/+1 counters on it.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	117	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Mighty Emergence	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with power 5 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may put two +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Shards of Alara	137	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Naya Battlemage	2G	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{R}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	G	W	Shards of Alara	142	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Topan Ascetic	2G	3	Creature ? Human Monk	Tap an untapped creature you control: Topan Ascetic gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Shards of Alara	151	uncommon	Sal Villagran		
Blood Cultist	1BR	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Blood Cultist deals 1 damage to target creature.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Blood Cultist this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Blood Cultist."	R	R	Shards of Alara	157	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Qasali Ambusher	1GW	3	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Reach
If a creature is attacking you and you control a Forest and a Plains, you may cast Qasali Ambusher without paying its mana cost and as though it had flash."	W	W	Shards of Alara	184	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Rhox War Monk	GWU	3	Creature ? Rhino Monk	Lifelink	W	W	Shards of Alara	188	uncommon	Dan Dos Santos		
Sprouting Thrinax	BRG	3	Creature ? Lizard	"When Sprouting Thrinax dies, create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	R	R	Shards of Alara	197	uncommon	Jarreau Wimberly		
Woolly Thoctar	RGW	3	Creature ? Beast		W	W	Shards of Alara	209	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Paragon of the Amesha	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Until end of turn, Paragon of the Amesha becomes an Angel, gets +3/+3, and gains flying and lifelink."	W	W	Conflux	14	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Esperzoa	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Jellyfish	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, return an artifact you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Conflux	25	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Fleshformer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Fleshformer gets +2/+2 and gains fear until end of turn. Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn. (A creature with fear can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	W	Conflux	45	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Gluttonous Slime	2G	3	Creature ? Ooze	"Flash
Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Conflux	83	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Jhessian Balmgiver	1WU	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{T}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn."	W	W	Conflux	112	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Knotvine Mystic	RGW	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{1}, {T}: Add {R}{G}{W}."	W	W	Conflux	114	uncommon	Ariel Olivetti		
Scarland Thrinax	BRG	3	Creature ? Lizard	Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Scarland Thrinax.	R	R	Conflux	123	uncommon	Daarken		
Shambling Remains	1BR	3	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Shambling Remains can't block.
Unearth {B}{R} ({B}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Conflux	124	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Wall of Denial	1WU	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender, flying
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	16	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Illusory Demon	1UB	3	Creature ? Demon Illusion	"Flying
When you cast a spell, sacrifice Illusory Demon."	U	U	Alara Reborn	21	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Anathemancer	1BR	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Anathemancer enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target player equal to the number of nonbasic lands that player controls.
Unearth {5}{B}{R} ({5}{B}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Alara Reborn	33	uncommon	Richard Whitters		
Sanity Gnawers	1BR	3	Creature ? Rat	"When Sanity Gnawers enters the battlefield, target player discards a card at random."	R	R	Alara Reborn	44	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Mage Slayer	1RG	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks, it deals damage equal to its power to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.
Equip {3}"	R	R	Alara Reborn	57	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Vithian Renegades	1RG	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Vithian Renegades enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	R	R	Alara Reborn	64	uncommon	rk post		
Behemoth Sledge	1GW	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has trample and lifelink.
Equip {3}"	W	W	Alara Reborn	65	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Tainted Sigil	1WB	3	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Tainted Sigil: You gain life equal to the total life lost by all players this turn. (Damage causes loss of life.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	83	uncommon	Chippy		
Lorescale Coatl	1GU	3	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever you draw a card, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Lorescale Coatl."	U	U	Alara Reborn	101	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Nulltread Gargantuan	1GU	3	Creature ? Beast	"When Nulltread Gargantuan enters the battlefield, put a creature you control on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Alara Reborn	102	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Gomazoa	2U	3	Creature ? Jellyfish	"Defender, flying
{T}: Put Gomazoa and each creature it's blocking on top of their owners' libraries, then those players shuffle their libraries."	U	U	Zendikar	46	uncommon	Chippy		
Merfolk Wayfinder	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"Flying
When Merfolk Wayfinder enters the battlefield, reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all Island cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Zendikar	56	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Vampire Nighthawk	1BB	3	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Flying, deathtouch, lifelink"	B	B	Zendikar	116	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Goblin Ruinblaster	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Kicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} as you cast this spell.)
Haste
When Goblin Ruinblaster enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Zendikar	127	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Greenweaver Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}{G}.	G	G	Zendikar	164	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Tajuru Archer	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Archer Ally	"Whenever Tajuru Archer or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Tajuru Archer deal damage to target creature with flying equal to the number of Allies you control."	G	G	Zendikar	185	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Horizon Drake	1UU	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying, protection from lands"	U	U	Worldwake	30	uncommon	Adi Granov		
Tideforce Elemental	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}, {T}: You may tap or untap another target creature.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may untap Tideforce Elemental."	U	U	Worldwake	41	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Bloodhusk Ritualist	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Multikicker {B} (You may pay an additional {B} any number of times as you cast this spell.)
When Bloodhusk Ritualist enters the battlefield, target opponent discards a card for each time it was kicked."	B	B	Worldwake	50	uncommon	Daarken		
Scrib Nibblers	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	"{T}: Exile the top card of target player's library. If it's a land card, you gain 1 life.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may untap Scrib Nibblers."	B	B	Worldwake	66	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Cunning Sparkmage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
{T}: Cunning Sparkmage deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Worldwake	79	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Leatherback Baloth	GGG	3	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Worldwake	107	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Vastwood Animist	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman Ally	"{T}: Target land you control becomes an X/X Elemental creature until end of turn, where X is the number of Allies you control. It's still a land."	G	G	Worldwake	116	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Razor Boomerang	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}, Unattach Razor Boomerang: It deals 1 damage to any target. Return Razor Boomerang to its owner's hand.""
Equip {2}"			Worldwake	129	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Affa Guard Hound	2W	3	Creature ? Hound	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Affa Guard Hound enters the battlefield, target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	14	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Luminous Wake	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks or blocks, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	35	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Guard Gomazoa	2U	3	Creature ? Jellyfish	"Defender, flying
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Guard Gomazoa."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	70	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Phantasmal Abomination	1UU	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Defender
When Phantasmal Abomination becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	80	uncommon	Goran Josic		
Arrogant Bloodlord	1BB	3	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Whenever Arrogant Bloodlord blocks or becomes blocked by a creature with power 1 or less, destroy Arrogant Bloodlord at end of combat."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	94	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Pawn of Ulamog	1BB	3	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Whenever Pawn of Ulamog or another nontoken creature you control dies, you may create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	122	uncommon	Daarken		
Lust for War	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, Lust for War deals 3 damage to that creature's controller.
Enchanted creature attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	157	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Boar Umbra	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	179	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Gravity Well	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with flying attacks, it loses flying until end of turn."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	185	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Ichor Rats	1BB	3	Creature ? Rat	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
When Ichor Rats enters the battlefield, each player gets a poison counter."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	67	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Furnace Celebration	1RR	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you sacrifice another permanent, you may pay {2}. If you do, Furnace Celebration deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	90	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Viridian Revel	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an artifact is put into an opponent's graveyard from the battlefield, you may draw a card."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	132	uncommon	rk post		
Barbed Battlegear	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/-1.
Equip {2}"			Scars of Mirrodin	139	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Darksteel Myr	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Indestructible (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this creature. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)"			Scars of Mirrodin	151	uncommon	Randis Albion		
Heavy Arbalest	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Equipped creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 2 damage to any target.""
Equip {4}"			Scars of Mirrodin	164	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Myr Galvanizer	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"Other Myr creatures you control get +1/+1.
{1}, {T}: Untap each other Myr you control."			Scars of Mirrodin	181	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Palladium Myr	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Add {C}{C}.			Scars of Mirrodin	190	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Gore Vassal	2W	3	Creature ? Hound	"Sacrifice Gore Vassal: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. Then if that creature's toughness is 1 or greater, regenerate it."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	7	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Treasure Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Treasure Mage enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost 6 or greater, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	34	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Vedalken Anatomist	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. You may tap or untap that creature."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	36	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Septic Rats	1BB	3	Creature ? Rat	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Whenever Septic Rats attacks, if defending player is poisoned, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	55	uncommon	Cos Koniotis		
Viridian Corrupter	1GG	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
When Viridian Corrupter enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	94	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Brass Squire	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	{T}: Attach target Equipment you control to target creature you control.			Mirrodin Besieged	101	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Piston Sledge	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"When Piston Sledge enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +3/+1.
Equip?Sacrifice an artifact."			Mirrodin Besieged	124	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Whispering Specter	1BB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Whenever Whispering Specter deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, that player discards a card for each poison counter they have."	B	B	New Phyrexia	77	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Priest of Urabrask	2R	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Priest of Urabrask enters the battlefield, add {R}{R}{R}."	R	R	New Phyrexia	90	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Vulshok Refugee	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	Protection from red	R	R	New Phyrexia	101	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Conversion Chamber	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Exile target artifact card from a graveyard. Put a charge counter on Conversion Chamber.
{2}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Conversion Chamber: Create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token."			New Phyrexia	133	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Kiln Walker	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Kiln Walker attacks, it gets +3/+0 until end of turn."			New Phyrexia	142	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Shrine of Boundless Growth	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever you cast a green spell, put a charge counter on Shrine of Boundless Growth.
{T}, Sacrifice Shrine of Boundless Growth: Add {C} for each charge counter on Shrine of Boundless Growth."			New Phyrexia	152	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Shrine of Limitless Power	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever you cast a black spell, put a charge counter on Shrine of Limitless Power.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Shrine of Limitless Power: Target player discards a card for each charge counter on Shrine of Limitless Power."			New Phyrexia	154	uncommon	Min Yum		
Fiend Hunter	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Fiend Hunter enters the battlefield, you may exile another target creature.
When Fiend Hunter leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Innistrad	15	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Lantern Spirit	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{U}: Return Lantern Spirit to its owner's hand."	U	U	Innistrad	62	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Village Cannibals	2B	3	Creature ? Human	"Whenever another Human creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Village Cannibals."	B	B	Innistrad	125	uncommon	Bud Cook		
Burning Vengeance	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a spell from your graveyard, Burning Vengeance deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Innistrad	133	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Curse of the Nightly Hunt	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Creatures enchanted player controls attack each combat if able."	R	R	Innistrad	137	uncommon	Daarken		
Rakish Heir	2R	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever a Vampire you control deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Innistrad	158	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Butcher's Cleaver	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+0.
As long as equipped creature is a Human, it has lifelink.
Equip {3}"			Innistrad	217	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Trepanation Blade	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks, defending player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card. The creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each card revealed this way. That player puts the revealed cards into their graveyard.
Equip {2}"			Innistrad	235	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Gavony Ironwright	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Fateful hour ? As long as you have 5 or less life, other creatures you control get +1/+4."	W	W	Dark Ascension	9	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Niblis of the Breath	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{U}, {T}: You may tap or untap target creature."	U	U	Dark Ascension	44	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Secrets of the Dead	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a spell from your graveyard, draw a card."	U	U	Dark Ascension	48	uncommon	Eytan Zana		
Heckling Fiends	2R	3	Creature ? Devil	{2}{R}: Target creature attacks this turn if able.	R	R	Dark Ascension	92	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Pyreheart Wolf	2R	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Whenever Pyreheart Wolf attacks, creatures you control gain menace until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Dark Ascension	101	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Diregraf Captain	1UB	3	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"Deathtouch
Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever another Zombie you control dies, target opponent loses 1 life."	U	U	Dark Ascension	135	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Immerwolf	1RG	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Each other creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf gets +1/+1.
Non-Human Werewolves you control can't transform."	R	R	Dark Ascension	141	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Stromkirk Captain	1BR	3	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"First strike
Other Vampire creatures you control get +1/+1 and have first strike."	R	R	Dark Ascension	143	uncommon	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Altar of the Lost	3	3	Artifact	"Altar of the Lost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast spells with flashback from a graveyard."			Dark Ascension	144	uncommon	Daarken		
Warden of the Wall	3	3	Artifact	"Warden of the Wall enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
As long as it's not your turn, Warden of the Wall is a 2/3 Gargoyle artifact creature with flying."			Dark Ascension	153	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Devout Chaplain	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Tap two untapped Humans you control: Exile target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	17	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Emancipation Angel	1WW	3	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Emancipation Angel enters the battlefield, return a permanent you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	19	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Fettergeist	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Fettergeist unless you pay {1} for each other creature you control."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	52	uncommon	Izzy		
Latch Seeker	1UU	3	Creature ? Spirit	Latch Seeker can't be blocked.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	63	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Demonic Taskmaster	2B	3	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature other than Demonic Taskmaster."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	95	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Triumph of Cruelty	2B	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent discards a card if you control the creature with the greatest power or tied for the greatest power."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	122	uncommon	Izzy		
Lightning Prowess	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has haste and ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Avacyn Restored	145	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Triumph of Ferocity	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you control the creature with the greatest power or tied for the greatest power."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	198	uncommon	James Ryman		
Wolfir Avenger	1GG	3	Creature ? Wolf Warrior	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate Wolfir Avenger."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	205	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Angelic Armaments	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2, has flying, and is a white Angel in addition to its other colors and types.
Equip {4}"			Avacyn Restored	212	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Hover Barrier	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion Wall	"Defender, flying"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	40	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Oak Street Innkeeper	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"As long as it's not your turn, tapped creatures you control have hexproof."	G	G	Return to Ravnica	131	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Dreg Mangler	1BG	3	Creature ? Plant Zombie	"Haste
Scavenge {3}{B}{G} ({3}{B}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to this card's power on target creature. Scavenge only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Return to Ravnica	158	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Hellhole Flailer	1BR	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Unleash (You may have this creature enter the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. It can't block as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.)
{2}{B}{R}, Sacrifice Hellhole Flailer: Hellhole Flailer deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	167	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Izzet Staticaster	1UR	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Haste
{T}: Izzet Staticaster deals 1 damage to target creature and each other creature with the same name as that creature."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	173	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Lyev Skyknight	1WU	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying
When Lyev Skyknight enters the battlefield, detain target nonland permanent an opponent controls. (Until your next turn, that permanent can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated.)"	W	W	Return to Ravnica	179	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Azorius Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {U}.
{W}{U}: Azorius Keyrune becomes a 2/2 white and blue Bird artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		W	Return to Ravnica	225	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Golgari Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {G}.
{B}{G}: Golgari Keyrune becomes a 2/2 black and green Insect artifact creature with deathtouch until end of turn."		G	Return to Ravnica	229	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Izzet Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {R}.
{U}{R}: Until end of turn, Izzet Keyrune becomes a 2/1 blue and red Elemental artifact creature.
Whenever Izzet Keyrune deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."		U	Return to Ravnica	230	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Rakdos Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {R}.
{B}{R}: Rakdos Keyrune becomes a 3/1 black and red Devil artifact creature with first strike until end of turn."		R	Return to Ravnica	232	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Selesnya Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {W}.
{G}{W}: Selesnya Keyrune becomes a 3/3 green and white Wolf artifact creature until end of turn."		W	Return to Ravnica	233	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Hold the Gates	2W	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +0/+1 for each Gate you control and have vigilance.	W	W	Gatecrash	16	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Simic Fluxmage	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
{1}{U}, {T}: Move a +1/+1 counter from Simic Fluxmage onto target creature."	U	U	Gatecrash	49	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Gateway Shade	2B	3	Creature ? Shade	"{B}: Gateway Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Tap an untapped Gate you control: Gateway Shade gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Gatecrash	65	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Undercity Informer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Target player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard."	B	B	Gatecrash	82	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Hellraiser Goblin	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	Creatures you control have haste and attack each combat if able.	R	R	Gatecrash	95	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Bane Alley Broker	1UB	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{T}: Draw a card, then exile a card from your hand face down.
You may look at cards exiled with Bane Alley Broker.
{U}{B}, {T}: Return a card exiled with Bane Alley Broker to its owner's hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	145	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Elusive Krasis	1GU	3	Creature ? Fish Mutant	"Elusive Krasis can't be blocked.
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	160	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Boros Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {W}.
{R}{W}: Boros Keyrune becomes a 1/1 red and white Soldier artifact creature with double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"		W	Gatecrash	227	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Dimir Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {B}.
{U}{B}: Dimir Keyrune becomes a 2/2 blue and black Horror artifact creature until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."		U	Gatecrash	228	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Gruul Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {G}.
{R}{G}: Gruul Keyrune becomes a 3/2 red and green Beast artifact creature with trample until end of turn."		R	Gatecrash	230	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Orzhov Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {B}.
{W}{B}: Orzhov Keyrune becomes a 1/4 white and black Thrull artifact creature with lifelink until end of turn."		W	Gatecrash	233	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Simic Keyrune	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {U}.
{G}{U}: Simic Keyrune becomes a 2/3 green and blue Crab artifact creature with hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"		U	Gatecrash	237	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Bred for the Hunt	1GU	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	59	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Goblin Test Pilot	1UR	3	Creature ? Goblin Pilot Wizard	"Flying
{T}: Goblin Test Pilot deals 2 damage to any target chosen at random."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	74	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Sin Collector	1WB	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Sin Collector enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose an instant or sorcery card from it and exile that card."	W	W	Dragon's Maze	103	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Unflinching Courage	1GW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has trample and lifelink. (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Dragon's Maze	111	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Triton Fortune Hunter	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Triton Fortune Hunter, draw a card."	U	U	Theros	69	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Mogis's Marauder	2B	3	Creature ? Human Berserker	"When Mogis's Marauder enters the battlefield, up to X target creatures each gain intimidate and haste until end of turn, where X is your devotion to black. (A creature with intimidate can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it. Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)"	B	B	Theros	97	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Flamespeaker Adept	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever you scry, Flamespeaker Adept gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Theros	123	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Satyr Piper	2G	3	Creature ? Satyr Rogue	{3}{G}: Target creature must be blocked this turn if able.	G	G	Theros	175	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Chronicler of Heroes	1GW	3	Creature ? Centaur Wizard	"When Chronicler of Heroes enters the battlefield, draw a card if you control a creature with a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Theros	190	uncommon	John Stanko		
Spellheart Chimera	1UR	3	Creature ? Chimera	"Flying, trample
Spellheart Chimera's power is equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard."	U	U	Theros	204	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Burnished Hart	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Elk	"{3}, Sacrifice Burnished Hart: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."			Theros	213	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Archetype of Courage	1WW	3	Enchantment Creature ? Human Soldier	"Creatures you control have first strike.
Creatures your opponents control lose first strike and can't have or gain first strike."	W	W	Born of the Gods	4	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Ghostblade Eidolon	2W	3	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Bestow {5}{W} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has double strike."	W	W	Born of the Gods	12	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Ashiok's Adept	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Ashiok's Adept, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Born of the Gods	59	uncommon	Karla Ortiz		
Black Oak of Odunos	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Treefolk	"Defender
{B}, Tap another untapped creature you control: Black Oak of Odunos gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Born of the Gods	62	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Odunos River Trawler	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"When Odunos River Trawler enters the battlefield, return target enchantment creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
{W}, Sacrifice Odunos River Trawler: Return target enchantment creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	W	Born of the Gods	79	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Archetype of Aggression	1RR	3	Enchantment Creature ? Human Warrior	"Creatures you control have trample.
Creatures your opponents control lose trample and can't have or gain trample."	R	R	Born of the Gods	88	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Satyr Nyx-Smith	2R	3	Creature ? Satyr Shaman	"Haste
Inspired ? Whenever Satyr Nyx-Smith becomes untapped, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, create a 3/1 red Elemental enchantment creature token with haste."	R	R	Born of the Gods	109	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Stormcaller of Keranos	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
{1}{U}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	R	U	Born of the Gods	112	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Noble Quarry	2G	3	Enchantment Creature ? Unicorn	"Bestow {5}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
All creatures able to block Noble Quarry or enchanted creature do so.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1."	G	G	Born of the Gods	130	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Ephara's Enlightenment	1WU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Ephara's Enlightenment enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature has flying.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Ephara's Enlightenment to its owner's hand."	W	W	Born of the Gods	146	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Fanatic of Xenagos	1RG	3	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Trample
Tribute 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice may put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Fanatic of Xenagos enters the battlefield, if tribute wasn't paid, it gets +1/+1 and gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Born of the Gods	147	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Ragemonger	1BR	3	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"Minotaur spells you cast cost {B}{R} less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay. (For example, if you cast a Minotaur spell with mana cost {2}{R}, it costs {2} to cast.)"	R	R	Born of the Gods	153	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Siren of the Silent Song	1UB	3	Creature ? Zombie Siren	"Flying
Inspired ? Whenever Siren of the Silent Song becomes untapped, each opponent discards a card, then puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Born of the Gods	155	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Pillar of War	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Defender
As long as Pillar of War is enchanted, it can attack as though it didn't have defender."			Born of the Gods	160	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Banishing Light	2W	3	Enchantment	"When Banishing Light enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Banishing Light leaves the battlefield. (That permanent returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	5	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Crystalline Nautilus	2U	3	Enchantment Creature ? Nautilus	"Bestow {3}{U}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
When Crystalline Nautilus becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it.
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4 and has ""When this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."""	U	U	Journey into Nyx	34	uncommon	Brad Rigney		
Riptide Chimera	2U	3	Enchantment Creature ? Chimera	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, return an enchantment you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Journey into Nyx	48	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Felhide Petrifier	2B	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Deathtouch
Other Minotaur creatures you control have deathtouch."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	70	uncommon	James Ryman		
Akroan Line Breaker	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Heroic ? Whenever you cast a spell that targets Akroan Line Breaker, Akroan Line Breaker gets +2/+0 and gains intimidate until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	R	R	Journey into Nyx	88	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Nyx Weaver	1BG	3	Enchantment Creature ? Spider	"Reach
At the beginning of your upkeep, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
{1}{B}{G}, Exile Nyx Weaver: Return target card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	153	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Chariot of Victory	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike, trample, and haste.
Equip {1}"			Journey into Nyx	159	uncommon	John Stanko		
Lumengrid Sentinel	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may tap target permanent."	U	U	Mirrodin	40	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Slith Strider	1UU	3	Creature ? Slith	"Whenever Slith Strider becomes blocked, draw a card.
Whenever Slith Strider deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Mirrodin	50	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Heartwood Shard	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T} or {G}, {T}: Target creature gains trample until end of turn."		G	Mirrodin	184	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Vulshok Battlegear	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+3.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.)"			Mirrodin	272	uncommon	Kevin Dobler		
Tanglewalker	2G	3	Creature ? Dryad	Each creature you control can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an artifact land.	G	G	Darksteel	86	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Eternal Witness	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Eternal Witness enters the battlefield, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	86	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Ouphe Vandals	2G	3	Creature ? Ouphe Rogue	"{G}, Sacrifice Ouphe Vandals: Counter target activated ability from an artifact source and destroy that artifact if it's on the battlefield. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	G	G	Fifth Dawn	90	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Blasting Station	3	3	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Blasting Station deals 1 damage to any target.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you may untap Blasting Station."			Fifth Dawn	107	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Grafted Wargear	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+2.
Whenever Grafted Wargear becomes unattached from a permanent, sacrifice that permanent.
Equip {0} ({0}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Fifth Dawn	126	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Cleanfall	2W	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	Destroy all enchantments.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	6	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Ghostly Prison	2W	3	Enchantment	Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays {2} for each creature they control that's attacking you.	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	10	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Bloodthirsty Ogre	2B	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior Shaman	"{T}: Put a devotion counter on Bloodthirsty Ogre.
{T}: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of devotion counters on Bloodthirsty Ogre. Activate this ability only if you control a Demon."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	104	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Akki Coalflinger	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"First strike
{R}, {T}: Attacking creatures gain first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	152	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Pain Kami	2R	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{X}{R}, Sacrifice Pain Kami: It deals X damage to target creature."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	183	uncommon	Tomas Giorello		
Strange Inversion	2R	3	Instant ? Arcane	"Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.
Splice onto Arcane {1}{R} (As you cast an Arcane spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	192	uncommon	Khang Le		
Walker of Secret Ways	2U	3	Creature ? Human Ninja	"Ninjutsu {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Walker of Secret Ways deals combat damage to a player, look at that player's hand.
{1}{U}: Return target Ninja you control to its owner's hand. Activate this ability only during your turn."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	60	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Nikko-Onna	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"When Nikko-Onna enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment.
Whenever you cast a Spirit or Arcane spell, you may return Nikko-Onna to its owner's hand."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	21	uncommon	Shishizaru		
Footsteps of the Goryo	2B	3	Sorcery ? Arcane	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	68	uncommon	Chippy		
Ghost-Lit Nourisher	2G	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{2}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Channel ? {3}{G}, Discard Ghost-Lit Nourisher: Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	131	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Molting Skin	2G	3	Enchantment	Return Molting Skin to its owner's hand: Regenerate target creature.	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	138	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Trophy Hunter	2G	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"{1}{G}: Trophy Hunter deals 1 damage to target creature with flying.
Whenever a creature with flying dealt damage by Trophy Hunter this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Trophy Hunter."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	187	uncommon	rk post		
Grifter's Blade	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Flash
As Grifter's Blade enters the battlefield, choose a creature you control it could be attached to. If you do, it enters the battlefield attached to that creature.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip {1}"			Ravnica: City of Guilds	263	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Ragamuffyn	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Hellbent ? {T}, Sacrifice a creature or land: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have no cards in hand."	B	B	Dissension	51	uncommon	rk post		
Gnat Alley Creeper	2R	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	Gnat Alley Creeper can't be blocked by creatures with flying.	R	R	Dissension	63	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Balduvian Frostwaker	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Target snow land becomes a 2/2 blue Elemental creature with flying. It's still a land."	U	U	Coldsnap	28	uncommon	Stephen Tappin		
Phobian Phantasm	1BB	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying; fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Cumulative upkeep {B} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	66	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Weatherseed Totem	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G}.
{2}{G}{G}{G}: Weatherseed Totem becomes a 5/3 green Treefolk artifact creature with trample until end of turn.
When Weatherseed Totem is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, if it was a creature, return this card to its owner's hand."		G	Time Spiral	268	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Serra's Boon	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 as long as it's white. Otherwise, it gets -2/-1."	W	W	Planar Chaos	17	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Necrotic Sliver	1WB	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{3}, Sacrifice this permanent: Destroy target permanent."""	W	W	Planar Chaos	159	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Merrow Reejerey	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever you cast a Merfolk spell, you may tap or untap target permanent."	U	U	Lorwyn	74	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Rage Forger	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"When Rage Forger enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Shaman creature you control.
Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it attacks, you may have that creature deal 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Morningtide	97	uncommon	Dominick Domingo		
Raking Canopy	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with flying attacks you, Raking Canopy deals 4 damage to it."	G	G	Shadowmoor	127	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Kitchen Finks	1G/WG/W	3	Creature ? Ouphe	"When Kitchen Finks enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	229	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Flickerwisp	1WW	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Flickerwisp enters the battlefield, exile another target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Eventide	6	uncommon	Jeremy Enecio		
Quillspike	2B/G	3	Creature ? Beast	"{B/G}, Remove a -1/-1 counter from a creature you control: Quillspike gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Eventide	126	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Gilder Bairn	1G/UG/U	3	Creature ? Ouphe	"{2}{G/U}, {Q}: Double the number of each kind of counter on target permanent. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	U	U	Eventide	152	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Wistful Selkie	G/UG/UG/U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Wistful Selkie enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Eventide	165	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Sacellum Archers	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Archer	"{R}{W}, {T}: Sacellum Archers deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	G	W	Conflux	89	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Ardent Plea	1WU	3	Enchantment	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	W	W	Alara Reborn	1	uncommon	Chippy		
Hellfire Mongrel	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has two or fewer cards in hand, Hellfire Mongrel deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Zendikar	130	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Turntimber Basilisk	1GG	3	Creature ? Basilisk	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target creature block Turntimber Basilisk this turn if able."	G	G	Zendikar	190	uncommon	Goran Josic		
Pennon Blade	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.
Equip {4}"			Rise of the Eldrazi	221	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Rust Tick	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"You may choose not to untap Rust Tick during your untap step.
{1}, {T}: Tap target artifact. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Rust Tick remains tapped."			Scars of Mirrodin	198	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Neurok Commando	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Whenever Neurok Commando deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	28	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Deceiver Exarch	2U	3	Creature ? Cleric	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Deceiver Exarch enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Untap target permanent you control.
? Tap target permanent an opponent controls."	U	U	New Phyrexia	33	uncommon	Izzy		
Mycosynth Fiend	2G	3	Creature ? Horror	Mycosynth Fiend gets +1/+1 for each poison counter your opponents have.	G	G	New Phyrexia	117	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Drogskol Captain	1WU	3	Creature ? Spirit Soldier	"Flying
Other Spirit creatures you control get +1/+1 and have hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Dark Ascension	136	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Kessig Malcontents	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Kessig Malcontents enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of Humans you control."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	142	uncommon	John Stanko		
Security Blockade	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Security Blockade enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to you this turn."""	W	W	Return to Ravnica	20	uncommon	James Ryman		
Eidolon of Rhetoric	2W	3	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	Each player can't cast more than one spell each turn.	W	W	Journey into Nyx	10	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Spirespine	2G	3	Enchantment Creature ? Beast	"Bestow {4}{G} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Spirespine blocks each combat if able.
Enchanted creature gets +4/+1 and blocks each combat if able."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	142	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Dragon Blood	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."			Mirrodin	163	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Lure	1GG	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
All creatures able to block enchanted creature do so."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	226	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Battle Mastery	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has double strike. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	W	W	Lorwyn	5	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Gloomwidow	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Gloomwidow can block only creatures with flying."	G	G	Shadowmoor	117	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Fleshbag Marauder	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"When Fleshbag Marauder enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Shards of Alara	76	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Necrogen Scudder	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
When Necrogen Scudder enters the battlefield, you lose 3 life."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	71	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Angel's Tomb	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Angel's Tomb become a 3/3 white Angel artifact creature with flying until end of turn."			Avacyn Restored	211	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Mayael the Anima	RGW	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{3}{R}{G}{W}, {T}: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card with power 5 or greater from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	W	W	Shards of Alara	179	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Jenara, Asura of War"	GWU	3	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{1}{W}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Jenara, Asura of War."	W	W	Alara Reborn	128	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Omnath, Locus of Mana"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"You don't lose unspent green mana as steps and phases end.
Omnath, Locus of Mana gets +1/+1 for each unspent green mana you have."	G	G	Worldwake	109	mythic	Mike Bierek		
Sword of Body and Mind	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from green and from blue.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token and that player puts the top ten cards of their library into their graveyard.
Equip {2}"			Scars of Mirrodin	208	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Glissa, the Traitor"	BGG	3	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Elf	"First strike, deathtouch
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	96	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Sword of Feast and Famine	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from black and from green.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card and you untap all lands you control.
Equip {2}"			Mirrodin Besieged	138	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Sword of War and Peace	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from red and from white.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, Sword of War and Peace deals damage to that player equal to the number of cards in their hand and you gain 1 life for each card in your hand.
Equip {2}"			New Phyrexia	161	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Skaab Ruinator	1UU	3	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile three creature cards from your graveyard.
Flying
You may cast Skaab Ruinator from your graveyard."	U	U	Innistrad	77	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Liliana of the Veil	1BB	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Each player discards a card.
?2: Target player sacrifices a creature.
?6: Separate all permanents target player controls into two piles. That player sacrifices all permanents in the pile of their choice."	B	B	Innistrad	105	mythic	Steve Argyle		
Helvault	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Exile target creature you control.
{7}, {T}: Exile target creature you don't control.
When Helvault is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return all cards exiled with it to the battlefield under their owners' control."			Dark Ascension	151	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Domri Rade	1RG	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Domri	"+1: Look at the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand.
?2: Target creature you control fights another target creature.
?7: You get an emblem with ""Creatures you control have double strike, trample, hexproof, and haste."""	R	R	Gatecrash	156	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
"Thassa, God of the Sea"	2U	3	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to blue is less than five, Thassa isn't a creature. (Each {U} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.
{1}{U}: Target creature you control can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Theros	66	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver"	1UB	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ashiok	"+2: Exile the top three cards of target opponent's library.
?X: Put a creature card with converted mana cost X exiled with Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver onto the battlefield under your control. That creature is a Nightmare in addition to its other types.
?10: Exile all cards from all opponents' hands and graveyards."	U	U	Theros	188	mythic	Karla Ortiz		
"Brimaz, King of Oreskos"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Vigilance
Whenever Brimaz, King of Oreskos attacks, create a 1/1 white Cat Soldier creature token with vigilance that's attacking.
Whenever Brimaz blocks a creature, create a 1/1 white Cat Soldier creature token with vigilance that's blocking that creature."	W	W	Born of the Gods	5	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
Godsend	1WW	3	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+3.
Whenever equipped creature blocks or becomes blocked by one or more creatures, you may exile one of those creatures.
Your opponents can't cast spells with the same name as a card exiled with Godsend.
Equip {3}"	W	W	Journey into Nyx	12	mythic	Daniel Ljunggren		
Prophetic Flamespeaker	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Double strike, trample
Whenever Prophetic Flamespeaker deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	106	mythic	Cynthia Sheppard		
"Athreos, God of Passage"	1WB	3	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white and black is less than seven, Athreos isn't a creature.
Whenever another creature you own dies, return it to your hand unless target opponent pays 3 life."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	146	mythic	Ryan Barger		
"Pharika, God of Affliction"	1BG	3	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? God	"Indestructible
As long as your devotion to black and green is less than seven, Pharika isn't a creature.
{B}{G}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Its owner creates a 1/1 black and green Snake enchantment creature token with deathtouch."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	154	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
Preeminent Captain	2W	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Whenever Preeminent Captain attacks, you may put a Soldier creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking."	W	W	Morningtide	20	rare	Greg Staples		
Fatespinner	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, that player chooses draw step, main phase, or combat phase. The player skips each instance of the chosen step or phase this turn."	U	U	Mirrodin	36	rare	rk post		
Dross Harvester	1BB	3	Creature ? Horror	"Protection from white
At the beginning of your end step, you lose 4 life.
Whenever a creature dies, you gain 2 life."	B	B	Mirrodin	63	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Necrogen Mists	2B	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player discards a card."	B	B	Mirrodin	69	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
War Elemental	RRR	3	Creature ? Elemental	"When War Elemental enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless an opponent was dealt damage this turn.
Whenever an opponent is dealt damage, put that many +1/+1 counters on War Elemental."	R	R	Mirrodin	112	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Troll Ascetic	1GG	3	Creature ? Troll Shaman	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate Troll Ascetic."	G	G	Mirrodin	135	rare	Puddnhead		
Culling Scales	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy target nonland permanent with the lowest converted mana cost. (If two or more permanents are tied for lowest cost, target any one of them.)"			Mirrodin	160	rare	Daren Bader		
Damping Matrix	3	3	Artifact	Activated abilities of artifacts and creatures can't be activated unless they're mana abilities.			Mirrodin	161	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Extraplanar Lens	3	3	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Extraplanar Lens enters the battlefield, you may exile target land you control.
Whenever a land with the same name as the exiled card is tapped for mana, its controller adds one mana of any type that land produced."			Mirrodin	169	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Jinxed Choker	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, target opponent gains control of Jinxed Choker and puts a charge counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, Jinxed Choker deals damage to you equal to the number of charge counters on it.
{3}: Put a charge counter on Jinxed Choker or remove one from it."			Mirrodin	189	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Lightning Coils	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, put a charge counter on Lightning Coils.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Lightning Coils has five or more charge counters on it, remove all of them from it and create that many 3/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step."			Mirrodin	198	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Oblivion Stone	3	3	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Put a fate counter on target permanent.
{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Oblivion Stone: Destroy each nonland permanent without a fate counter on it, then remove all fate counters from all permanents."			Mirrodin	222	rare	Sam Wood		
Proteus Staff	3	3	Artifact	"{2}{U}, {T}: Put target creature on the bottom of its owner's library. That creature's controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card. The player puts that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of their library in any order. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."		U	Mirrodin	230	rare	Trevor Hairsine		
Quicksilver Fountain	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player puts a flood counter on target non-Island land they control of their choice. That land is an Island for as long as it has a flood counter on it.
At the beginning of each end step, if all lands on the battlefield are Islands, remove all flood counters from them."			Mirrodin	233	rare	Trevor Hairsine		
Sculpting Steel	3	3	Artifact	You may have Sculpting Steel enter the battlefield as a copy of any artifact on the battlefield.			Mirrodin	238	rare	Heather Hudson		
Spellweaver Helix	3	3	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Spellweaver Helix enters the battlefield, you may exile two target sorcery cards from a single graveyard.
Whenever a player casts a card, if it has the same name as one of the cards exiled with Spellweaver Helix, you may copy the other. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost."			Mirrodin	247	rare	Luca Zontini		
Tangleroot	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a creature spell, that player adds {G}."		G	Mirrodin	259	rare	Dana Knutson		
Synod Artificer	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"{X}, {T}: Tap X target noncreature artifacts.
{X}, {T}: Untap X target noncreature artifacts."	U	U	Darksteel	34	rare	Mark Zug		
Serum Powder	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
Any time you could mulligan and Serum Powder is in your hand, you may exile all the cards from your hand, then draw that many cards. (You can do this in addition to taking mulligans.)"			Darksteel	138	rare	Matt Thompson		
Spellbinder	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Imprint ? When Spellbinder enters the battlefield, you may exile an instant card from your hand.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may copy the exiled card. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost.
Equip {4}"			Darksteel	143	rare	Ron Spencer		
Sword of Fire and Ice	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from red and from blue.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, Sword of Fire and Ice deals 2 damage to any target and you draw a card.
Equip {2}"			Darksteel	148	rare	Mark Zug		
Sword of Light and Shadow	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from white and from black.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you gain 3 life and you may return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Equip {2}"			Darksteel	149	rare	Mark Zug		
Moriok Rigger	2B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue Rigger	"Whenever an artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Moriok Rigger."	B	B	Fifth Dawn	54	rare	Wayne England		
Cosmic Larva	1RR	3	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Cosmic Larva unless you sacrifice two lands."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	63	rare	Jeff Easley		
Ion Storm	2R	3	Enchantment	"{1}{R}, Remove a +1/+1 counter or a charge counter from a permanent you control: Ion Storm deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	68	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Rite of Passage	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on it. (The damage is dealt before the counter is put on.)"	G	G	Fifth Dawn	91	rare	Kev Walker		
Fist of Suns	3	3	Artifact	You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay the mana cost for spells that you cast.		W	Fifth Dawn	123	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Helm of Kaldra	3	3	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has first strike, trample, and haste.
{1}: If you control Equipment named Helm of Kaldra, Sword of Kaldra, and Shield of Kaldra, create a legendary 4/4 colorless Avatar creature token named Kaldra and attach those Equipment to it.
Equip {2}"			Fifth Dawn	131	rare	Donato Giancola		
Staff of Domination	3	3	Artifact	"{1}: Untap Staff of Domination.
{2}, {T}: You gain 1 life.
{3}, {T}: Untap target creature.
{4}, {T}: Tap target creature.
{5}, {T}: Draw a card."			Fifth Dawn	156	rare	Ben Thompson		
Vedalken Shackles	3	3	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Vedalken Shackles during your untap step.
{2}, {T}: Gain control of target creature with power less than or equal to the number of Islands you control for as long as Vedalken Shackles remains tapped."			Fifth Dawn	164	rare	Mark Zug		
Masako the Humorless	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Flash
Tapped creatures you control can block as though they were untapped."	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	33	rare	Ben Thompson		
Zo-Zu the Punisher	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield, Zo-Zu the Punisher deals 2 damage to that land's controller."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	200	rare	Matt Cavotta		
"Azusa, Lost but Seeking"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk	You may play two additional lands on each of your turns.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	201	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Dosan the Falling Leaf	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk	Players can cast spells only during their own turns.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	205	rare	Mark Zug		
Heartbeat of Spring	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	212	rare	Rob Alexander		
Imi Statue	3	3	Artifact	Players can't untap more than one artifact during their untap steps.			Champions of Kamigawa	255	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Kusari-Gama	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{2}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.""
Whenever equipped creature deals damage to a blocking creature, Kusari-Gama deals that much damage to each other creature defending player controls.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Champions of Kamigawa	260	rare	Tomas Giorello		
Long-Forgotten Gohei	3	3	Artifact	"Arcane spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Spirit creatures you control get +1/+1."			Champions of Kamigawa	261	rare	Alan Pollack		
"Oathkeeper, Takeno's Daisho"	3	3	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+1.
Whenever equipped creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control if it's a Samurai card.
When Oathkeeper, Takeno's Daisho is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, exile equipped creature.
Equip {2}"			Champions of Kamigawa	265	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Shell of the Last Kappa	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Exile target instant or sorcery spell that targets you. (The spell has no effect.)
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Shell of the Last Kappa: You may cast a card exiled with Shell of the Last Kappa without paying its mana cost."			Champions of Kamigawa	269	rare	David Martin		
"Opal-Eye, Konda's Yojimbo"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Fox Samurai	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{T}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage this turn, that damage is dealt to Opal-Eye, Konda's Yojimbo instead.
{1}{W}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Opal-Eye this turn."	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	17	rare	Greg Staples		
"Kira, Great Glass-Spinner"	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Creatures you control have ""Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability for the first time each turn, counter that spell or ability."""	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	40	rare	Kev Walker		
Threads of Disloyalty	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature with converted mana cost 2 or less
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	56	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Toshiro Umezawa	1BB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"Bushido 1 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, you may cast target instant card from your graveyard. If that card would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	89	rare	Christopher Moeller		
"Mannichi, the Fevered Dream"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	{1}{R}: Switch each creature's power and toughness until end of turn.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	112	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
"Isao, Enlightened Bushi"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai	"This spell can't be countered.
Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)
{2}: Regenerate target Samurai."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	129	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Lifegift	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield, you may gain 1 life."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	132	rare	John Matson		
"Shizuko, Caller of Autumn"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Snake Shaman	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player adds {G}{G}{G}. Until end of turn, they don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	144	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Neko-Te	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature deals damage to a creature, tap that creature. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Neko-Te remains on the battlefield.
Whenever equipped creature deals damage to a player, that player loses 1 life.
Equip {2}"			Betrayers of Kamigawa	155	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Orb of Dreams	3	3	Artifact	Permanents enter the battlefield tapped.			Betrayers of Kamigawa	156	rare	Dany Orizio		
Slumbering Tora	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, Discard a Spirit or Arcane card: Slumbering Tora becomes an X/X Cat artifact creature until end of turn, where X is the discarded card's converted mana cost."			Betrayers of Kamigawa	161	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Promise of Bunrei	2W	3	Enchantment	"When a creature you control dies, sacrifice Promise of Bunrei. If you do, create four 1/1 colorless Spirit creature tokens."	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	24	rare	Stephen Tappin		
"Maga, Traitor to Mortals"	XBBB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Maga, Traitor to Mortals enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When Maga enters the battlefield, target player loses life equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	81	rare	Jim Murray		
"Adamaro, First to Desire"	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Adamaro, First to Desire's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in the hand of the opponent with the most cards in hand."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	91	rare	Paolo Parente		
"Reki, the History of Kamigawa"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever you cast a legendary spell, draw a card."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	142	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Wine of Blood and Iron	3	3	Artifact	"{4}: Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is its power. Sacrifice Wine of Blood and Iron at the beginning of the next end step."			Saviors of Kamigawa	161	rare	Luca Zontini		
Light of Sanction	1WW	3	Enchantment	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures you control by sources you control.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	24	rare	Michael Phillippi		
Twilight Drover	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever a creature token leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Twilight Drover.
{2}{W}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Twilight Drover: Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	33	rare	Dave Allsop		
Copy Enchantment	2U	3	Enchantment	You may have Copy Enchantment enter the battlefield as a copy of any enchantment on the battlefield.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	42	rare	Joel Thomas		
Hunted Phantasm	1UU	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Hunted Phantasm can't be blocked.
When Hunted Phantasm enters the battlefield, target opponent creates five 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	55	rare	Justin Sweet		
Spawnbroker	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Spawnbroker enters the battlefield, you may exchange control of target creature you control and target creature with power less than or equal to that creature's power an opponent controls."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	65	rare	Wayne England		
Necroplasm	1BB	3	Creature ? Ooze	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Necroplasm.
At the beginning of your end step, destroy each creature with converted mana cost equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on Necroplasm.
Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	98	rare	rk post		
Dimir Cutpurse	1UB	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever Dimir Cutpurse deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card and you draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	201	rare	Kev Walker		
Dimir Doppelganger	1UB	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{1}{U}{B}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Dimir Doppelganger becomes a copy of that card, except it has this ability."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	202	rare	Jim Murray		
Searing Meditation	1RW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you gain life, you may pay {2}. If you do, Searing Meditation deals 2 damage to any target."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	226	rare	Dave Dorman		
Bloodletter Quill	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Put a blood counter on Bloodletter Quill: Draw a card, then you lose 1 life for each blood counter on Bloodletter Quill.
{U}{B}: Remove a blood counter from Bloodletter Quill."		U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	254	rare	Dan Scott		
Cloudstone Curio	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a nonartifact permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may return another permanent you control that shares a permanent type with it to its owner's hand."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	257	rare	Heather Hudson		
Plague Boiler	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a plague counter on Plague Boiler.
{1}{B}{G}: Put a plague counter on Plague Boiler or remove a plague counter from it.
When Plague Boiler has three or more plague counters on it, sacrifice it. If you do, destroy all nonland permanents."		G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	269	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sunforger	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/+0.
{R}{W}, Unattach Sunforger: Search your library for a red or white instant card with converted mana cost 4 or less and cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then shuffle your library.
Equip {3}"		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	272	rare	Darrell Riche		
Abyssal Nocturnus	1BB	3	Creature ? Horror	"Whenever an opponent discards a card, Abyssal Nocturnus gets +2/+2 and gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Guildpact	43	rare	Jon Foster		
Burning-Tree Shaman	1RG	3	Creature ? Centaur Shaman	"Whenever a player activates an ability that isn't a mana ability, Burning-Tree Shaman deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Guildpact	105	rare	Dan Scott		
Orzhov Pontiff	1WB	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Orzhov Pontiff enters the battlefield or the creature it haunts dies, choose one ?
? Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
? Creatures you don't control get -1/-1 until end of turn."	W	W	Guildpact	124	rare	Adam Rex		
"Teysa, Orzhov Scion"	1WB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Sacrifice three white creatures: Exile target creature.
Whenever another black creature you control dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Guildpact	134	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Mizzium Transreliquat	3	3	Artifact	"{3}: Mizzium Transreliquat becomes a copy of target artifact until end of turn.
{1}{U}{R}: Mizzium Transreliquat becomes a copy of target artifact, except it has this ability."		U	Guildpact	153	rare	John Avon		
Haazda Shield Mate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Haazda Shield Mate unless you pay {W}{W}.
{W}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Dissension	12	rare	Ron Spears		
"Lyzolda, the Blood Witch"	1BR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}, Sacrifice a creature: Lyzolda, the Blood Witch deals 2 damage to any target if the sacrificed creature was red. Draw a card if the sacrificed creature was black."	R	R	Dissension	117	rare	Jim Nelson		
Rakdos Augermage	BBR	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"First strike
{T}: Reveal your hand and discard a card of target opponent's choice. Then that player reveals their hand and discards a card of your choice. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Dissension	127	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Avatar of Discord	B/RB/RB/R	3	Creature ? Avatar	"({B/R} can be paid with either {B} or {R}.)
Flying
When Avatar of Discord enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard two cards."	R	R	Dissension	140	rare	rk post		
Evolution Vat	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Tap target creature and put a +1/+1 counter on it. Until end of turn, that creature gains ""{2}{G}{U}: Double the number of +1/+1 counters on this creature."""		U	Dissension	161	rare	John Avon		
Walking Archive	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Walking Archive enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player draws a card for each +1/+1 counter on Walking Archive.
{2}{W}{U}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Walking Archive."		W	Dissension	169	rare	Heather Hudson		
Cover of Winter	2W	3	Snow Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {S} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it. {S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
If a creature would deal combat damage to you and/or one or more creatures you control, prevent X of that damage, where X is the number of age counters on Cover of Winter.
{S}: Put an age counter on Cover of Winter."	W	W	Coldsnap	3	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Field Marshal	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Other Soldier creatures get +1/+1 and have first strike. (They deal combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	W	W	Coldsnap	5	rare	Stephen Tappin		
Vexing Sphinx	1UU	3	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Cumulative upkeep?Discard a card. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Vexing Sphinx dies, draw a card for each age counter on it."	U	U	Coldsnap	50	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Garza's Assassin	BBB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Sacrifice Garza's Assassin: Destroy target nonblack creature.
Recover?Pay half your life, rounded up. (When another creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay half your life, rounded up. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, exile this card.)"	B	B	Coldsnap	57	rare	Paolo Parente		
"Haakon, Stromgald Scourge"	1BB	3	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Knight	"You may cast Haakon, Stromgald Scourge from your graveyard, but not from anywhere else.
As long as Haakon is on the battlefield, you may play Knight cards from your graveyard.
When Haakon dies, you lose 2 life."	B	B	Coldsnap	61	rare	Mark Zug		
Phyrexian Etchings	BBB	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {B} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your end step, draw a card for each age counter on Phyrexian Etchings.
When Phyrexian Etchings is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you lose 2 life for each age counter on it."	B	B	Coldsnap	67	rare	Ron Spears		
Ohran Viper	1GG	3	Snow Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Ohran Viper deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat.
Whenever Ohran Viper deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	G	G	Coldsnap	115	rare	Kev Walker		
Tamanoa	RGW	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever a noncreature source you control deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Coldsnap	132	rare	rk post		
Jester's Scepter	3	3	Artifact	"When Jester's Scepter enters the battlefield, exile the top five cards of target player's library face down. You may look at those cards for as long as they remain exiled.
{2}, {T}, Put a card exiled with Jester's Scepter into its owner's graveyard: Counter target spell if it has the same name as that card."			Coldsnap	137	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Phyrexian Soulgorger	3	3	Snow Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Cumulative upkeep?Sacrifice a creature. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"			Coldsnap	141	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Mangara of Corondor	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Exile Mangara of Corondor and target permanent.	W	W	Time Spiral	28	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Opal Guardian	WWW	3	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Guardian is an enchantment, Opal Guardian becomes a 3/4 Gargoyle creature with flying and protection from red."	W	W	Time Spiral	30	rare	Christopher Rush		
Tivadar of Thorn	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike, protection from red
When Tivadar of Thorn enters the battlefield, destroy target Goblin."	W	W	Time Spiral	44	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Sprite Noble	1UU	3	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
Other creatures you control with flying get +0/+1.
{T}: Other creatures you control with flying get +1/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Time Spiral	81	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Jaya Ballard, Task Mage"	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Destroy target blue permanent.
{1}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Jaya Ballard, Task Mage deals 3 damage to any target. A creature dealt damage this way can't be regenerated this turn.
{5}{R}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Jaya Ballard deals 6 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Time Spiral	166	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Sedge Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have ""This creature gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Swamp.""
All Slivers have ""{B}: Regenerate this permanent."""	R	R	Time Spiral	177	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Unyaro Bees	GGG	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{G}: Unyaro Bees gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{3}{G}, Sacrifice Unyaro Bees: It deals 2 damage to any target."	G	G	Time Spiral	231	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
"Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII"	3	3	Artifact	"As Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII enters the battlefield, choose white Citizen, blue Camarid, black Thrull, red Goblin, or green Saproling.
{3}, {T}: Create a 1/1 creature token of the chosen color and type."			Time Spiral	263	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Mesa Enchantress	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you may draw a card."	W	W	Planar Chaos	26	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Serendib Sorcerer	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target creature other than Serendib Sorcerer has base power and toughness 0/2 until end of turn.	U	U	Planar Chaos	61	rare	Dan Scott		
Gaea's Anthem	1GG	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +1/+1.	G	G	Planar Chaos	147	rare	Greg Staples		
Groundbreaker	GGG	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Groundbreaker."	G	G	Planar Chaos	148	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Magus of the Moon	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	Nonbasic lands are Mountains.	R	R	Future Sight	101	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Pyromancer's Swath	2R	3	Enchantment	"If an instant or sorcery source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 2 to that permanent or player instead.
At the beginning of each end step, discard your hand."	R	R	Future Sight	104	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
Force of Savagery	2G	3	Creature ? Elemental	Trample	G	G	Future Sight	126	rare	Dan Scott		
Heartwood Storyteller	1GG	3	Creature ? Treefolk	"Whenever a player casts a noncreature spell, each of that player's opponents may draw a card."	G	G	Future Sight	127	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Rites of Flourishing	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.
Each player may play an additional land on each of their turns."	G	G	Future Sight	137	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Jhoira of the Ghitu	1UR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}, Exile a nonland card from your hand: Put four time counters on the exiled card. If it doesn't have suspend, it gains suspend. (At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from that card. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. If it's a creature, it has haste.)"	U	U	Future Sight	157	rare	Kev Walker		
Cloud Key	3	3	Artifact	"As Cloud Key enters the battlefield, choose artifact, creature, enchantment, instant, or sorcery.
Spells you cast of the chosen type cost {1} less to cast."			Future Sight	160	rare	Trevor Hairsine		
Coalition Relic	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
{T}: Put a charge counter on Coalition Relic.
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, remove all charge counters from Coalition Relic. Add one mana of any color for each charge counter removed this way."			Future Sight	161	rare	Donato Giancola		
Veilstone Amulet	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a spell, creatures you control can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control this turn."			Future Sight	166	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Mirror Entity	2W	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
{X}: Until end of turn, creatures you control have base power and toughness X/X and gain all creature types."	W	W	Lorwyn	31	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Jace Beleren	1UU	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+2: Each player draws a card.
?1: Target player draws a card.
?10: Target player puts the top twenty cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Lorwyn	71	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Scion of Oona	2U	3	Creature ? Faerie Soldier	"Flash
Flying
Other Faerie creatures you control get +1/+1.
Other Faeries you control have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Lorwyn	83	rare	Eric Fortune		
Mad Auntie	2B	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Other Goblin creatures you control get +1/+1.
{T}: Regenerate another target Goblin."	B	B	Lorwyn	123	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Incandescent Soulstoke	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	"Other Elemental creatures you control get +1/+1.
{1}{R}, {T}: You may put an Elemental creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Lorwyn	178	rare	Todd Lockwood		
"Doran, the Siege Tower"	WBG	3	Legendary Creature ? Treefolk Shaman	Each creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.	W	W	Lorwyn	247	rare	Mark Zug		
Colfenor's Urn	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a creature with toughness 4 or greater is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may exile it.
At the beginning of the end step, if three or more cards have been exiled with Colfenor's Urn, sacrifice it. If you do, return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control."			Lorwyn	254	rare	Jim Pavelec		
Rings of Brighthearth	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you activate an ability, if it isn't a mana ability, you may pay {2}. If you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy."			Lorwyn	259	rare	Howard Lyon		
Thousand-Year Elixir	3	3	Artifact	"You may activate abilities of creatures you control as though those creatures had haste.
{1}, {T}: Untap target creature."			Lorwyn	263	rare	Richard Sardinha		
Kinsbaile Borderguard	1WW	3	Creature ? Kithkin Soldier	"Kinsbaile Borderguard enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other Kithkin you control.
When Kinsbaile Borderguard dies, create a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token for each counter on it."	W	W	Morningtide	14	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Sigil Tracer	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{1}{U}, Tap two untapped Wizards you control: Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Morningtide	49	rare	Dan Scott		
Vendilion Clique	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flash
Flying
When Vendilion Clique enters the battlefield, look at target player's hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. If you do, that player reveals the chosen card, puts it on the bottom of their library, then draws a card."	U	U	Morningtide	55	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Auntie's Snitch	2B	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Auntie's Snitch can't block.
Prowl {1}{B} (You may cast this for its prowl cost if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn with a Goblin or Rogue.)
Whenever a Goblin or Rogue you control deals combat damage to a player, if Auntie's Snitch is in your graveyard, you may return Auntie's Snitch to your hand."	B	B	Morningtide	57	rare	Warren Mahy		
Maralen of the Mornsong	1BB	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Wizard	"Players can't draw cards.
At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player loses 3 life, searches their library for a card, puts it into their hand, then shuffles their library."	B	B	Morningtide	65	rare	Mark Zug		
Countryside Crusher	1RR	3	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it into your graveyard and repeat this process.
Whenever a land card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, put a +1/+1 counter on Countryside Crusher."	R	R	Morningtide	89	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Sensation Gorger	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Kinship ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of your library. If it shares a creature type with Sensation Gorger, you may reveal it. If you do, each player discards their hand, then draws four cards."	R	R	Morningtide	102	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Shared Animosity	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking creature that shares a creature type with it."	R	R	Morningtide	104	rare	Chuck Lukacs		
Taurean Mauler	2R	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Taurean Mauler."	R	R	Morningtide	109	rare	Dominick Domingo		
Rhys the Exiled	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever Rhys the Exiled attacks, you gain 1 life for each Elf you control.
{B}, Sacrifice an Elf: Regenerate Rhys the Exiled."	G	G	Morningtide	135	rare	Steve Prescott		
Order of Whiteclay	1WW	3	Creature ? Kithkin Cleric	"{1}{W}{W}, {Q}: Return target creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	W	W	Shadowmoor	16	rare	Steven Belledin		
Dusk Urchins	2B	3	Creature ? Ouphe	"Whenever Dusk Urchins attacks or blocks, put a -1/-1 counter on it.
When Dusk Urchins dies, draw a card for each -1/-1 counter on it."	B	B	Shadowmoor	65	rare	Darrell Riche		
Knollspine Invocation	1RR	3	Enchantment	"{X}, Discard a card with converted mana cost X: Knollspine Invocation deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Shadowmoor	99	rare	Dave Dorman		
Spawnwrithe	2G	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Whenever Spawnwrithe deals combat damage to a player, create a token that's a copy of Spawnwrithe."	G	G	Shadowmoor	129	rare	Daarken		
Augury Adept	1W/UW/U	3	Creature ? Kithkin Wizard	"Whenever Augury Adept deals combat damage to a player, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You gain life equal to its converted mana cost."	W	W	Shadowmoor	137	rare	Steve Prescott		
Cemetery Puca	1U/BU/B	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever a creature dies, you may pay {1}. If you do, Cemetery Puca becomes a copy of that creature, except it has this ability."	U	U	Shadowmoor	158	rare	Omar Rayyan		
Everlasting Torment	2B/R	3	Enchantment	"Players can't gain life.
Damage can't be prevented.
All damage is dealt as though its source had wither. (A source with wither deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	R	R	Shadowmoor	186	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Fulminator Mage	1B/RB/R	3	Creature ? Elemental Shaman	Sacrifice Fulminator Mage: Destroy target nonbasic land.	R	R	Shadowmoor	188	rare	rk post		
Oracle of Nectars	2G/W	3	Creature ? Elf Cleric	"{X}, {T}: You gain X life."	W	W	Shadowmoor	233	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Wake Thrasher	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Whenever a permanent you control becomes untapped, Wake Thrasher gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Eventide	31	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Necroskitter	1BB	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Whenever a creature an opponent controls with a -1/-1 counter on it dies, you may return that card to the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Eventide	38	rare	Jaime Jones		
Needle Specter	1BB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)
Whenever Needle Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player discards that many cards."	B	B	Eventide	39	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Stillmoon Cavalier	1W/BW/B	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Protection from white and from black
{W/B}: Stillmoon Cavalier gains flying until end of turn.
{W/B}: Stillmoon Cavalier gains first strike until end of turn.
{W/B}{W/B}: Stillmoon Cavalier gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Eventide	95	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Crackleburr	1U/RU/R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{U/R}{U/R}, {T}, Tap two untapped red creatures you control: Crackleburr deals 3 damage to any target.
{U/R}{U/R}, {Q}, Untap two tapped blue creatures you control: Return target creature to its owner's hand. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"	U	U	Eventide	100	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Mirror Sheen	1U/RU/R	3	Enchantment	{1}{U/R}{U/R}: Copy target instant or sorcery spell that targets you. You may choose new targets for the copy.	U	U	Eventide	105	rare	John Avon		
Cold-Eyed Selkie	1G/UG/U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Whenever Cold-Eyed Selkie deals combat damage to a player, you may draw that many cards."	U	U	Eventide	149	rare	Jaime Jones		
Scarecrone	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"{1}, Sacrifice a Scarecrow: Draw a card.
{4}, {T}: Return target artifact creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."			Eventide	172	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Master of Etherium	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Master of Etherium's power and toughness are each equal to the number of artifacts you control.
Other artifact creatures you control get +1/+1."	U	U	Shards of Alara	49	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Memory Erosion	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Shards of Alara	50	rare	Howard Lyon		
Skill Borrower	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Human Wizard	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
As long as the top card of your library is an artifact or creature card, Skill Borrower has all activated abilities of that card. (If any of the abilities use that card's name, use this creature's name instead.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	56	rare	Shelly Wan		
Cunning Lethemancer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each player discards a card."	B	B	Shards of Alara	69	rare	Paul Bonner		
Goblin Assault	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste.
Goblin creatures attack each combat if able."	R	R	Shards of Alara	101	rare	Jaime Jones		
Hell's Thunder	1RR	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying, haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Hell's Thunder.
Unearth {4}{R} ({4}{R}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Shards of Alara	103	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Manaplasm	2G	3	Creature ? Ooze	"Whenever you cast a spell, Manaplasm gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	G	G	Shards of Alara	138	rare	Daarken		
Sacellum Godspeaker	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Reveal any number of creature cards with power 5 or greater from your hand. Add {G} for each card revealed this way.	G	G	Shards of Alara	146	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Sedraxis Specter	UBR	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Sedraxis Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Unearth {1}{B} ({1}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Shards of Alara	192	rare	Cole Eastburn		
Quietus Spike	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has deathtouch.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, that player loses half their life, rounded up.
Equip {3}"			Shards of Alara	217	rare	Mark Brill		
Scepter of Dominance	1WW	3	Artifact	"{W}, {T}: Tap target permanent."	W	W	Conflux	17	rare	Howard Lyon		
Scepter of Insight	1UU	3	Artifact	"{3}{U}, {T}: Draw a card."	U	U	Conflux	33	rare	Steven Belledin		
Nyxathid	1BB	3	Creature ? Elemental	"As Nyxathid enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
Nyxathid gets -1/-1 for each card in the chosen player's hand."	B	B	Conflux	49	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Giltspire Avenger	GWU	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{T}: Destroy target creature that dealt damage to you this turn."	W	W	Conflux	108	rare	Chris Rahn		
"Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer"	1WU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	"{W}{U}, {T}: Put a bribery counter on target creature you don't control. Its controller draws a card.
Creatures with bribery counters on them can't attack or block."	W	W	Conflux	110	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Fire Whip	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target.""
Sacrifice Fire Whip: Fire Whip deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Weatherlight	100	common	Jeff Miracola		
Llanowar Sentinel	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"When Llanowar Sentinel enters the battlefield, you may pay {1}{G}. If you do, search your library for a card named Llanowar Sentinel and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Weatherlight	134	common	Douglas Shuler		
Mind Stone	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Mind Stone: Draw a card."			Weatherlight	153	common	Adam Rex		
Circle of Protection: Black	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time a black source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	8	common	Harold McNeill		
Circle of Protection: Blue	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time a blue source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	9	common	Harold McNeill		
Circle of Protection: Green	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time a green source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	10	common	Harold McNeill		
Circle of Protection: Red	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time a red source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	11	common	Harold McNeill		
Circle of Protection: White	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time a white source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	13	common	Harold McNeill		
Elite Javelineer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Elite Javelineer blocks, it deals 1 damage to target attacking creature."	W	W	Tempest	17	common	Mark Poole		
Master Decoy	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Tempest	29	common	Phil Foglio		
Staunch Defenders	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Staunch Defenders enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Tempest	49	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Horned Turtle	2U	3	Creature ? Turtle		U	U	Tempest	67	common	DiTerlizzi		
Sea Monster	4UU	6	Creature ? Serpent	Sea Monster can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Tempest	85	common	Daniel Gelon		
Shimmering Wings	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature has flying. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{U}: Return Shimmering Wings to its owner's hand."	U	U	Tempest	87	common	Steve Luke		
Spell Blast	XU	1	Instant	"Counter target spell with converted mana cost X. (For example, if that spell's mana cost is {3}{U}{U}, X is 5.)"	U	U	Tempest	89	common	Steve Luke		
Time Ebb	2U	3	Sorcery	Put target creature on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Tempest	96	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Whispers of the Muse	U	1	Instant	"Buyback {5} (You may pay an additional {5} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Tempest	103	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Coercion	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Tempest	113	common	Pete Venters		
Dark Banishing	2B	3	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.	B	B	Tempest	117	common	John Matson		
Dauthi Slayer	BB	2	Creature ? Dauthi Soldier	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Dauthi Slayer attacks each combat if able."	B	B	Tempest	126	common	Dermot Power		
Diabolic Edict	1B	2	Instant	Target player sacrifices a creature.	B	B	Tempest	128	common	Ron Spencer		
Enfeeblement	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature gets -2/-2."	B	B	Tempest	133	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Canyon Wildcat	1R	2	Creature ? Cat	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Tempest	167	common	Gary Leach		
Lightning Blast	3R	4	Instant	Lightning Blast deals 4 damage to any target.	R	R	Tempest	185	common	Richard Thomas		
Lightning Elemental	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Tempest	186	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Mogg Fanatic	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	Sacrifice Mogg Fanatic: It deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Tempest	190	common	Brom		
Rolling Thunder	XRR	2	Sorcery	Rolling Thunder deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.	R	R	Tempest	198	common	Richard Thomas		
Sandstone Warrior	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
{R}: Sandstone Warrior gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Tempest	199	common	Stephen Daniele		
Stun	1R	2	Instant	"Target creature can't block this turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Tempest	207	common	Terese Nielsen		
Canopy Spider	1G	2	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Tempest	217	common	Christopher Rush		
Charging Rhino	3GG	5	Creature ? Rhino	Charging Rhino can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	Tempest	218	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Elvish Fury	G	1	Instant	"Buyback {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Tempest	226	common	Quinton Hoover		
Natural Spring	3GG	5	Sorcery	Target player gains 8 life.	G	G	Tempest	239	common	Susan Van Camp		
Pincher Beetles	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Tempest	244	common	Stephen Daniele		
Rampant Growth	1G	2	Sorcery	Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Tempest	245	common	Tom Kyffin		
Rootbreaker Wurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Tempest	251	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Rootwalla	2G	3	Creature ? Lizard	{1}{G}: Rootwalla gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Tempest	252	common	Roger Raupp		
Skyshroud Ranger	G	1	Creature ? Elf	{T}: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	G	G	Tempest	256	common	Steve Luke		
Trained Armodon	1GG	3	Creature ? Elephant		G	G	Tempest	260	common	Gary Leach		
Bandage	W	1	Instant	"Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Stronghold	1	common	Rebecca Guay		
Conviction	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3.
{W}: Return Conviction to its owner's hand."	W	W	Stronghold	5	common	Paolo Parente		
Honor Guard	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	{W}: Honor Guard gets +0/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Stronghold	7	common	Joel Biske		
Venerable Monk	2W	3	Creature ? Human Monk Cleric	"When Venerable Monk enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Stronghold	21	common	Terese Nielsen		
Youthful Knight	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	First strike	W	W	Stronghold	25	common	Rebecca Guay		
Dream Prowler	2UU	4	Creature ? Illusion	Dream Prowler can't be blocked as long as it's attacking alone.	U	U	Stronghold	29	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Mana Leak	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}.	U	U	Stronghold	36	common	Christopher Rush		
Foul Imp	BB	2	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
When Foul Imp enters the battlefield, you lose 2 life."	B	B	Stronghold	59	common	Jim Nelson		
Serpent Warrior	2B	3	Creature ? Snake Warrior	"When Serpent Warrior enters the battlefield, you lose 3 life."	B	B	Stronghold	69	common	Ron Spencer		
Duct Crawler	R	1	Creature ? Insect	{1}{R}: Target creature can't block Duct Crawler this turn.	R	R	Stronghold	79	common	Stephen Daniele		
Flowstone Shambler	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	{R}: Flowstone Shambler gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	R	R	Stronghold	86	common	Jim Nelson		
Mogg Flunkies	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	Mogg Flunkies can't attack or block alone.	R	R	Stronghold	92	common	Brom		
Overgrowth	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional {G}{G}."	G	G	Stronghold	111	common	Rob Alexander		
Spined Wurm	4G	5	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Stronghold	121	common	Keith Parkinson		
Angelic Blessing	2W	3	Sorcery	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains flying until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	W	W	Exodus	2	common	Mark Zug		
Soul Warden	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Exodus	21	common	Randy Gallegos		
Standing Troops	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance	W	W	Exodus	22	common	Daren Bader		
Merfolk Looter	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Exodus	39	common	Ron Spencer		
Robe of Mirrors	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Exodus	43	common	John Matson		
Nausea	1B	2	Sorcery	All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Exodus	67	common	Jeff Miracola		
Thrull Surgeon	1B	2	Creature ? Thrull	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice Thrull Surgeon: Look at target player's hand and choose a card from it. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Exodus	76	common	rk post		
Anarchist	4R	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Anarchist enters the battlefield, you may return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Exodus	79	common	Brom		
Raging Goblin	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Exodus	96	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Elvish Berserker	G	1	Creature ? Elf Berserker	"Whenever Elvish Berserker becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	G	G	Exodus	110	common	Paolo Parente		
Reclaim	G	1	Instant	Put target card from your graveyard on top of your library.	G	G	Exodus	120	common	Andrew Robinson		
Wood Elves	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Wood Elves enters the battlefield, search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Exodus	130	common	Rebecca Guay		
Angelic Page	1W	2	Creature ? Angel Spirit	"Flying
{T}: Target attacking or blocking creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Urza's Saga	4	common	Rebecca Guay		
Congregate	3W	4	Instant	Target player gains 2 life for each creature on the battlefield.	W	W	Urza's Saga	8	common	Mark Zug		
Healing Salve	W	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target player gains 3 life.
? Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Urza's Saga	16	common	Heather Hudson		
Pegasus Charger	2W	3	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	30	common	Val Mayerik		
Redeem	1W	2	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn to up to two target creatures.	W	W	Urza's Saga	33	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Catalog	2U	3	Instant	"Draw two cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Urza's Saga	64	common	Berry		
Coral Merfolk	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk		U	U	Urza's Saga	67	common	rk post		
Horseshoe Crab	2U	3	Creature ? Crab	{U}: Untap Horseshoe Crab.	U	U	Urza's Saga	80	common	Scott Kirschner		
Rewind	2UU	4	Instant	Counter target spell. Untap up to four lands.	U	U	Urza's Saga	93	common	Dermot Power		
Bog Raiders	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Urza's Saga	119	common	Carl Critchlow		
Hollow Dogs	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Hound	"Whenever Hollow Dogs attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Saga	137	common	Jeff Miracola		
Looming Shade	2B	3	Creature ? Shade	{B}: Looming Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Urza's Saga	139	common	Vincent Evans		
Arc Lightning	2R	3	Sorcery	"Arc Lightning deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets."	R	R	Urza's Saga	174	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Goblin Matron	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Matron enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Goblin card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Urza's Saga	191	common	DiTerlizzi		
Goblin Raider	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Goblin Raider can't block.	R	R	Urza's Saga	194	common	Greg Staples		
Reflexes	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature has first strike. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	208	common	Steve White		
Thundering Giant	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Urza's Saga	221	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Viashino Runner	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Urza's Saga	224	common	Steve White		
Elvish Lyrist	G	1	Creature ? Elf	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Elvish Lyrist: Destroy target enchantment."	G	G	Urza's Saga	248	common	Rebecca Guay		
Erase	W	1	Instant	Exile target enchantment.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	7	common	Ron Spears		
Giant Cockroach	3B	4	Creature ? Insect		B	B	Urza's Legacy	54	common	Heather Hudson		
Plague Beetle	B	1	Creature ? Insect	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Urza's Legacy	64	common	Tom Fleming		
Unearth	B	1	Sorcery	"Return target creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Urza's Legacy	72	common	Don Hazeltine		
Viashino Sandscout	1R	2	Creature ? Viashino Scout	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
At the beginning of the end step, return Viashino Sandscout to its owner's hand. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	R	R	Urza's Legacy	96	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Lone Wolf	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf	You may have Lone Wolf assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.	G	G	Urza's Legacy	105	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Rancor	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.
When Rancor is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Rancor to its owner's hand."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	110	common	Kev Walker		
Yavimaya Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Urza's Legacy	120	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Capashen Knight	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
{1}{W}: Capashen Knight gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	3	common	Kev Walker		
Solidarity	3W	4	Instant	Creatures you control get +0/+5 until end of turn.	W	W	Urza's Destiny	20	common	John Zeleznik		
Ravenous Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"When Ravenous Rats enters the battlefield, target opponent discards a card."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	68	common	Carl Critchlow		
Emperor Crocodile	3G	4	Creature ? Crocodile	"When you control no other creatures, sacrifice Emperor Crocodile."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	105	rare	Kev Walker		
Yavimaya Enchantress	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	Yavimaya Enchantress gets +1/+1 for each enchantment on the battlefield.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	125	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Crossbow Infantry	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	{T}: Crossbow Infantry deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	16	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Steadfast Guard	WW	2	Creature ? Human Rebel	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	W	W	Mercadian Masques	50	common	Adam Rex		
Cloud Sprite	U	1	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Cloud Sprite can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	67	common	Mark Zug		
Dehydration	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	73	common	Val Mayerik		
Deepwood Ghoul	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Pay 2 life: Regenerate Deepwood Ghoul.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	131	common	Alan Pollack		
Highway Robber	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"When Highway Robber enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	139	common	Kev Walker		
Sever Soul	3BB	5	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. You gain life equal to its toughness.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	159	common	Jeff Easley		
Undertaker	1B	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	167	common	Jeff Easley		
Ogre Taskmaster	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre	Ogre Taskmaster can't block.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	206	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Rock Badger	4R	5	Creature ? Badger Beast	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Mercadian Masques	210	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Shock Troops	3R	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	Sacrifice Shock Troops: It deals 2 damage to any target.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	212	common	Jeff Miracola		
Sizzle	2R	3	Sorcery	Sizzle deals 3 damage to each opponent.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	213	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Tremor	R	1	Sorcery	Tremor deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	220	common	Mark Romanoski		
Groundskeeper	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	{1}{G}: Return target basic land card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	250	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Horned Troll	2G	3	Creature ? Troll	{G}: Regenerate Horned Troll.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	251	common	Heather Hudson		
Revive	1G	2	Sorcery	Return target green card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	262	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Rushwood Dryad	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Mercadian Masques	263	common	Todd Lockwood		
Vine Trellis	1G	2	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{T}: Add {G}."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	285	common	DiTerlizzi		
Rootwater Commando	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Nemesis	39	common	Mark Tedin		
Sneaky Homunculus	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus Illusion	Sneaky Homunculus can't block or be blocked by creatures with power 2 or greater.	U	U	Nemesis	44	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Spineless Thug	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Mercenary	Spineless Thug can't block.	B	B	Nemesis	71	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Stronghold Discipline	2BB	4	Sorcery	Each player loses 1 life for each creature they control.	B	B	Nemesis	73	common	Li Tie		
Vicious Hunger	BB	2	Sorcery	Vicious Hunger deals 2 damage to target creature and you gain 2 life.	B	B	Nemesis	74	common	Massimilano Frezzato		
Flowstone Crusher	3RR	5	Creature ? Beast	{R}: Flowstone Crusher gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	R	R	Nemesis	81	common	Ben Thompson		
Treetop Bracers	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and can't be blocked except by creatures with flying."	G	G	Nemesis	123	common	Heather Hudson		
Diving Griffin	1WW	3	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Prophecy	6	common	John Howe		
Coastal Hornclaw	4U	5	Creature ? Bird	Sacrifice a land: Coastal Hornclaw gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Prophecy	31	common	DiTerlizzi		
Spiketail Hatchling	1U	2	Creature ? Drake	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Sacrifice Spiketail Hatchling: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}."	U	U	Prophecy	49	common	Greg Staples		
Panic Attack	2R	3	Sorcery	Up to three target creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Prophecy	98	common	Mike Ploog		
Ridgeline Rager	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	{R}: Ridgeline Rager gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Prophecy	100	common	Chippy		
Spore Frog	G	1	Creature ? Frog	Sacrifice Spore Frog: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	G	G	Prophecy	126	common	Donato Giancola		
Angel of Mercy	4W	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Mercy enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Invasion	2	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Dismantling Blow	2W	3	Instant	"Kicker {2}{U} (You may pay an additional {2}{U} as you cast this spell.)
Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If this spell was kicked, draw two cards."	W	W	Invasion	14	common	Mark Tedin		
Holy Day	W	1	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	W	W	Invasion	20	common	Pete Venters		
Razorfoot Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Invasion	29	common	Ben Thompson		
Reviving Dose	2W	3	Instant	"You gain 3 life.
Draw a card."	W	W	Invasion	31	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Exclude	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target creature spell.
Draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	56	common	Mark Romanoski		
Prohibit	1U	2	Instant	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Counter target spell if its converted mana cost is 2 or less. If this spell was kicked, counter that spell if its converted mana cost is 4 or less instead."	U	U	Invasion	67	common	Adam Rex		
Rogue Kavu	1R	2	Creature ? Kavu	"Whenever Rogue Kavu attacks alone, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Invasion	160	common	Darrell Riche		
Tribal Flames	1R	2	Sorcery	"Domain ? Tribal Flames deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control."	R	R	Invasion	176	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Kavu Climber	3GG	5	Creature ? Kavu	"When Kavu Climber enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Invasion	192	common	Rob Alexander		
Stormscape Familiar	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
White spells and black spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	U	U	Planeshift	36	common	Heather Hudson		
Maggot Carrier	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"When Maggot Carrier enters the battlefield, each player loses 1 life."	B	B	Planeshift	45	common	Ron Spencer		
Star Compass	2	2	Artifact	"Star Compass enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add one mana of any color that a basic land you control could produce."			Planeshift	134	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Index	U	1	Sorcery	"Look at the top five cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Apocalypse	25	common	Kev Walker		
Lay of the Land	G	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Apocalypse	81	common	Mark Zug		
Auramancer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Auramancer enters the battlefield, you may return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Odyssey	5	common	Rebecca Guay		
Aven Cloudchaser	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Aven Cloudchaser enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Odyssey	7	common	Justin Sweet		
Aven Flock	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{W}: Aven Flock gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Odyssey	8	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Shelter	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Odyssey	46	common	Christopher Moeller		
Aven Fisher	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Aven Fisher dies, you may draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	63	common	Christopher Moeller		
Aven Windreader	3UU	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier Wizard	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{1}{U}: Target player reveals the top card of their library."	U	U	Odyssey	65	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Peek	U	1	Instant	"Look at target player's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	91	common	Adam Rex		
Afflict	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	B	B	Odyssey	115	common	Roger Raupp		
Dusk Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	Flying	B	B	Odyssey	131	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Firebolt	R	1	Sorcery	"Firebolt deals 2 damage to any target.
Flashback {4}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	193	common	Ron Spencer		
Reckless Charge	R	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.
Flashback {2}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	215	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Nantuko Disciple	3G	4	Creature ? Insect Druid	"{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Odyssey	253	common	Justin Sweet		
Nimble Mongoose	G	1	Creature ? Mongoose	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Threshold ? Nimble Mongoose gets +2/+2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Odyssey	258	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Pay No Heed	W	1	Instant	Prevent all damage a source of your choice would deal this turn.	W	W	Torment	12	common	Adam Rex		
Ghostly Wings	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.
Discard a card: Return enchanted creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Torment	38	common	David Martin		
Faceless Butcher	2BB	4	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"When Faceless Butcher enters the battlefield, exile target creature other than Faceless Butcher.
When Faceless Butcher leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	B	B	Torment	60	common	Daren Bader		
Fiery Temper	1RR	3	Instant	"Fiery Temper deals 3 damage to any target.
Madness {R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Torment	97	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Battle Screech	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying.
Flashback?Tap three untapped white creatures you control. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Judgment	3	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Suntail Hawk	W	1	Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Judgment	28	common	Heather Hudson		
Arcane Teachings	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Judgment	78	common	Mark Brill		
Lava Dart	R	1	Instant	"Lava Dart deals 1 damage to any target.
Flashback?Sacrifice a Mountain. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Judgment	94	common	Darrell Riche		
Renewed Faith	2W	3	Instant	"You gain 6 life.
Cycling {1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Renewed Faith, you may gain 2 life."	W	W	Onslaught	50	common	Dave Dorman		
Choking Tethers	3U	4	Instant	"Tap up to four target creatures.
Cycling {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Choking Tethers, you may tap target creature."	U	U	Onslaught	74	common	Carl Critchlow		
Crafty Pathmage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Onslaught	77	common	Wayne England		
Sage Aven	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Sage Aven enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Onslaught	111	common	Randy Gallegos		
Sea's Claim	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land (Target a land as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that land.)
Enchanted land is an Island."	U	U	Onslaught	113	common	Alan Pollack		
Cruel Revival	4B	5	Instant	Destroy target non-Zombie creature. It can't be regenerated. Return up to one target Zombie card from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Onslaught	135	common	Greg Staples		
Festering Goblin	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Goblin	"When Festering Goblin dies, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Onslaught	148	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Nantuko Husk	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Insect	Sacrifice a creature: Nantuko Husk gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Onslaught	159	common	Carl Critchlow		
Severed Legion	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Onslaught	166	common	Dany Orizio		
Goblin Sky Raider	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	R	R	Onslaught	208	common	Daren Bader		
Elvish Pioneer	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Elvish Pioneer enters the battlefield, you may put a basic land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped."	G	G	Onslaught	257	common	Christopher Rush		
Krosan Tusker	5GG	7	Creature ? Boar Beast	"Cycling {2}{G} ({2}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Krosan Tusker, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. (Do this before you draw.)"	G	G	Onslaught	272	common	Kev Walker		
Barren Moor		0	Land	"Barren Moor enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
Cycling {B} ({B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		B	Onslaught	312	common	Heather Hudson		
Forgotten Cave		0	Land	"Forgotten Cave enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
Cycling {R} ({R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		R	Onslaught	317	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Lonely Sandbar		0	Land	"Lonely Sandbar enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		U	Onslaught	320	common	Heather Hudson		
Secluded Steppe		0	Land	"Secluded Steppe enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
Cycling {W} ({W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		W	Onslaught	324	common	Heather Hudson		
Tranquil Thicket		0	Land	"Tranquil Thicket enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
Cycling {G} ({G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		G	Onslaught	326	common	Heather Hudson		
Starlight Invoker	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric Mutant	{7}{W}: You gain 5 life.	W	W	Legions	20	common	Glen Angus		
Fugitive Wizard	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard		U	U	Legions	38	common	Jim Nelson		
Merchant of Secrets	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Merchant of Secrets enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Legions	44	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Flamewave Invoker	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	{7}{R}: Flamewave Invoker deals 5 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Legions	92	common	Dave Dorman		
Gilded Light	1W	2	Instant	"You gain shroud until end of turn. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Scourge	16	uncommon	John Avon		
Zealous Inquisitor	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{1}{W}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Zealous Inquisitor this turn is dealt to target creature instead.	W	W	Scourge	27	common	Wayne England		
Carrion Feeder	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"Carrion Feeder can't block.
Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Carrion Feeder."	B	B	Scourge	59	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Twisted Abomination	5B	6	Creature ? Zombie Mutant	"{B}: Regenerate Twisted Abomination.
Swampcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	B	B	Scourge	76	common	Daren Bader		
Unburden	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Target player discards two cards.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Scourge	77	common	Wayne England		
Goblin Brigand	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Goblin Brigand attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Scourge	94	common	Arnie Swekel		
Funeral Charm	B	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target player discards a card.
? Target creature gets +2/-1 until end of turn.
? Target creature gains swampwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)"	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	44	rare	Greg Spalenka		
Shadow Guildmage	B	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Put target creature you control on top of its owner's library.
{R}, {T}: Shadow Guildmage deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to you."	B	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	46	rare	Mike Kimble		
Suq'Ata Lancer	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Haste
Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	69	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Wildfire Emissary	3R	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Protection from white
{1}{R}: Wildfire Emissary gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	72	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Wall of Roots	1G	2	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender
Put a -0/-1 counter on Wall of Roots: Add {G}. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	89	rare	John Matson		
Serrated Arrows	4	4	Artifact	"Serrated Arrows enters the battlefield with three arrowhead counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are no arrowhead counters on Serrated Arrows, sacrifice it.
{T}, Remove an arrowhead counter from Serrated Arrows: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	114	rare	David A. Cherry		
Summer Bloom	1G	2	Sorcery	You may play up to three additional lands this turn.	G	G	Visions	122	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Second Sunrise	1WW	3	Instant	"Each player returns to the battlefield all artifact, creature, enchantment, and land cards in their graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn."	W	W	Mirrodin	20	rare	Greg Staples		
Seething Song	2R	3	Instant	Add {R}{R}{R}{R}{R}.	R	R	Mirrodin	104	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Ancient Den		0	Artifact Land	"(Ancient Den isn't a spell.)
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Mirrodin	278	common	Rob Alexander		
Cloudpost		0	Land ? Locus	"Cloudpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C} for each Locus on the battlefield."			Mirrodin	280	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Great Furnace		0	Artifact Land	{T}: Add {R}.		R	Mirrodin	282	common	Rob Alexander		
Seat of the Synod		0	Artifact Land	"(Seat of the Synod isn't a spell.)
{T}: Add {U}."		U	Mirrodin	283	common	John Avon		
Tree of Tales		0	Artifact Land	"(Tree of Tales isn't a spell.)
{T}: Add {G}."		G	Mirrodin	285	common	John Avon		
Vault of Whispers		0	Artifact Land	"(Vault of Whispers isn't a spell.)
{T}: Add {B}."		B	Mirrodin	286	common	Rob Alexander		
Krark-Clan Ironworks	4	4	Artifact	Sacrifice an artifact: Add {C}{C}.			Fifth Dawn	134	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Glimpse of Nature	G	1	Sorcery	"Whenever you cast a creature spell this turn, draw a card."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	210	rare	Shishizaru		
Blazing Shoal	XRR	2	Instant ? Arcane	"You may exile a red card with converted mana cost X from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	96	rare	Glen Angus		
Umezawa's Jitte	2	2	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage, put two charge counters on Umezawa's Jitte.
Remove a charge counter from Umezawa's Jitte: Choose one ?
? Equipped creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
? Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
? You gain 2 life.
Equip {2}"			Betrayers of Kamigawa	163	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Golgari Grave-Troll	4G	5	Creature ? Troll Skeleton	"Golgari Grave-Troll enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card in your graveyard.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Golgari Grave-Troll: Regenerate Golgari Grave-Troll.
Dredge 6 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly six cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	167	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Rite of Flame	R	1	Sorcery	"Add {R}{R}, then add {R} for each card named Rite of Flame in each graveyard."	R	R	Coldsnap	96	common	Dany Orizio		
Dark Depths		0	Legendary Snow Land	"Dark Depths enters the battlefield with ten ice counters on it.
{3}: Remove an ice counter from Dark Depths.
When Dark Depths has no ice counters on it, sacrifice it. If you do, create Marit Lage, a legendary 20/20 black Avatar creature token with flying and indestructible."			Coldsnap	145	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Dread Return	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Flashback?Sacrifice three creatures. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	104	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Hypergenesis		0	Sorcery	"Suspend 3?{1}{G}{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {1}{G}{G} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Starting with you, each player may put an artifact, creature, enchantment, or land card from their hand onto the battlefield. Repeat this process until no one puts a card onto the battlefield."	G	G	Time Spiral	201	rare	Ron Spears		
Punishing Fire	1R	2	Instant	"Punishing Fire deals 2 damage to any target.
Whenever an opponent gains life, you may pay {R}. If you do, return Punishing Fire from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Zendikar	142	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Stoneforge Mystic	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Artificer	"When Stoneforge Mystic enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
{1}{W}, {T}: You may put an Equipment card from your hand onto the battlefield."	W	W	Worldwake	20	rare	Mike Bierek		
Eye of Ugin		0	Legendary Land	"Colorless Eldrazi spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.
{7}, {T}: Search your library for a colorless creature card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Worldwake	136	mythic	James Paick		
Splinter Twin	2RR	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Create a token that's a copy of this creature, except it has haste. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step."""	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	165	rare	Goran Josic		
Green Sun's Zenith	XG	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a green creature card with converted mana cost X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. Shuffle Green Sun's Zenith into its owner's library."	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	81	rare	David Rapoza		
Birthing Pod	3G/P	4	Artifact	"({G/P} can be paid with either {G} or 2 life.)
{1}{G/P}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	G	G	New Phyrexia	104	rare	Daarken		
Conflux	3WUBRG	8	Sorcery	"Search your library for a white card, a blue card, a black card, a red card, and a green card. Reveal those cards and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Conflux	102	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
Praetor's Counsel	5GGG	8	Sorcery	Return all cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Praetor's Counsel. You have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	88	mythic	Daarken		
Army of the Damned	5BBB	8	Sorcery	"Create thirteen tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.
Flashback {7}{B}{B}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Innistrad	87	mythic	Ryan Pancoast		
Past in Flames	3R	4	Sorcery	"Each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.
Flashback {4}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Innistrad	155	mythic	Anthony Jones		
Archangel's Light	7W	8	Sorcery	"You gain 2 life for each card in your graveyard, then shuffle your graveyard into your library."	W	W	Dark Ascension	1	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Entreat the Angels	XXWWW	3	Sorcery	"Create X 4/4 white Angel creature tokens with flying.
Miracle {X}{W}{W} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	W	W	Avacyn Restored	20	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Temporal Mastery	5UU	7	Sorcery	"Take an extra turn after this one. Exile Temporal Mastery.
Miracle {1}{U} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	U	U	Avacyn Restored	81	mythic	Franz Vohwinkel		
Bonfire of the Damned	XXR	1	Sorcery	"Bonfire of the Damned deals X damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.
Miracle {X}{R} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	R	R	Avacyn Restored	129	mythic	James Paick		
Primal Surge	8GG	10	Sorcery	"Exile the top card of your library. If it's a permanent card, you may put it onto the battlefield. If you do, repeat this process."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	189	mythic	David Rapoza		
Epic Experiment	XUR	2	Sorcery	"Exile the top X cards of your library. For each instant and sorcery card with converted mana cost X or less among them, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then put all cards exiled this way that weren't cast into your graveyard."	U	U	Return to Ravnica	159	mythic	Dan Scott		
Rakdos's Return	XBR	2	Sorcery	Rakdos's Return deals X damage to target opponent or planeswalker. That player or that planeswalker's controller discards X cards.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	188	mythic	Daarken		
Enter the Infinite	8UUUU	12	Sorcery	"Draw cards equal to the number of cards in your library, then put a card from your hand on top of your library. You have no maximum hand size until your next turn."	U	U	Gatecrash	34	mythic	Terese Nielsen		
Reap Intellect	X2UB	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose up to X nonland cards from it and exile them. For each card exiled this way, search that player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	95	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Worst Fears	7B	8	Sorcery	You control target player during that player's next turn. Exile Worst Fears. (You see all cards that player could see and make all decisions for the player.)	B	B	Journey into Nyx	87	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Fabricate	2U	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Mirrodin	35	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Barter in Blood	2BB	4	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices two creatures.	B	B	Mirrodin	57	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Detonate	XR	1	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact with converted mana cost X. It can't be regenerated. Detonate deals X damage to that artifact's controller.	R	R	Mirrodin	88	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Creeping Mold	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or land."	G	G	Mirrodin	117	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
One Dozen Eyes	5G	6	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Create a 5/5 green Beast creature token.
? Create five 1/1 green Insect creature tokens.
Entwine {G}{G}{G} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	G	G	Mirrodin	126	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Sylvan Scrying	1G	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Mirrodin	130	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Scrounge	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent chooses an artifact card in their graveyard. Put that card onto the battlefield under your control.	B	B	Darksteel	53	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Dismantle	2R	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact. If that artifact had counters on it, put that many +1/+1 counters or charge counters on an artifact you control."	R	R	Darksteel	57	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Fireball	XR	1	Sorcery	"This spell costs {1} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Fireball deals X damage divided evenly, rounded down, among any number of targets."	R	R	Darksteel	60	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Steelshaper's Gift	W	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for an Equipment card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Fifth Dawn	19	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Shattered Dreams	B	1	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose an artifact card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Fifth Dawn	59	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Channel the Suns	3G	4	Sorcery	Add {W}{U}{B}{R}{G}.	G	W	Fifth Dawn	84	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Cut the Tethers	2UU	4	Sorcery	"For each Spirit, return it to its owner's hand unless that player pays {3}."	U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	56	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Struggle for Sanity	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. That player exiles a card from it, then you exile a card from it. Repeat this process until all cards in that hand have been exiled. That player returns the cards they exiled this way to their hand and puts the rest into their graveyard."	B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	145	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Mana Seism	1R	2	Sorcery	"Sacrifice any number of lands, then add that much {C}."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	179	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Gale Force	4G	5	Sorcery	Gale Force deals 5 damage to each creature with flying.	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	209	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Time of Need	1G	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for a legendary creature card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	247	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Eradicate	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Exile target nonblack creature. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that creature and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	65	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Sowing Salt	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Exile target nonbasic land. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that land and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	118	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Sosuke's Summons	2G	3	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 green Snake creature tokens.
Whenever a nontoken Snake enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Sosuke's Summons from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	145	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Splinter	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Exile target artifact. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that artifact and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	146	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Presence of the Wise	2WW	4	Sorcery	You gain 2 life for each card in your hand.	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	23	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Exile into Darkness	4B	5	Sorcery	"Target player sacrifices a creature with converted mana cost 3 or less.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have more cards in hand than each opponent, you may return Exile into Darkness from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	67	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Kiku's Shadow	BB	2	Sorcery	Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	77	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Feral Lightning	3RRR	6	Sorcery	Create three 3/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	97	uncommon	Chippy		
Seek the Horizon	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to three basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	147	uncommon	Eric Polak		
Flow of Ideas	5U	6	Sorcery	Draw a card for each Island you control.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	50	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Dimir Machinations	2B	3	Sorcery	"Look at the top three cards of target player's library. Exile any number of those cards, then put the rest back in any order.
Transmute {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same converted mana cost as this card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Transmute only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	84	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Nightmare Void	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target player reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card.
Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	100	uncommon	Chippy		
Ribbons of Night	4B	5	Sorcery	"Ribbons of Night deals 4 damage to target creature and you gain 4 life. If {U} was spent to cast Ribbons of Night, draw a card."	B	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	101	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Vigor Mortis	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If {G} was spent to cast Vigor Mortis, that creature enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."	B	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	111	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Overwhelm	5GG	7	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Creatures you control get +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	175	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Rolling Spoil	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target land. If {B} was spent to cast Rolling Spoil, all creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	179	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Psychic Drain	XUB	2	Sorcery	Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard and you gain X life.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	220	uncommon	Nick Percival		
Twisted Justice	4UB	6	Sorcery	Target player sacrifices a creature. You draw cards equal to that creature's power.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	237	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Vacuumelt	2U	3	Sorcery	"Replicate {2}{U} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Guildpact	40	uncommon	Nottsuo		
Caustic Rain	2BB	4	Sorcery	Exile target land.	B	B	Guildpact	44	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Shattering Spree	R	1	Sorcery	"Replicate {R} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Guildpact	75	uncommon	Pat Lee		
Predatory Focus	3GG	5	Sorcery	You may have creatures you control assign their combat damage this turn as though they weren't blocked.	G	G	Guildpact	92	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Primeval Light	3G	4	Sorcery	Destroy all enchantments target player controls.	G	G	Guildpact	93	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Conjurer's Ban	WB	2	Sorcery	"Choose a card name. Until your next turn, spells with the chosen name can't be cast and lands with the chosen name can't be played.
Draw a card."	W	W	Guildpact	108	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Savage Twister	XRG	2	Sorcery	Savage Twister deals X damage to each creature.	R	R	Guildpact	127	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Wreak Havoc	2RG	4	Sorcery	"This spell can't be countered.
Destroy target artifact or land."	R	R	Guildpact	139	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Skyscribing	XUU	2	Sorcery	"Each player draws X cards.
Forecast ? {2}{U}, Reveal Skyscribing from your hand: Each player draws a card. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	U	U	Dissension	32	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Bond of Agony	XB	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
Each other player loses X life."	B	B	Dissension	38	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Brain Pry	1B	2	Sorcery	"Choose a nonland card name. Target player reveals their hand. That player discards a card with that name. If they can't, you draw a card."	B	B	Dissension	39	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Kindle the Carnage	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Discard a card at random. If you do, Kindle the Carnage deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to each creature. You may repeat this process any number of times."	R	R	Dissension	66	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Fertile Imagination	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Choose a card type. Target opponent reveals their hand. Create two 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens for each card of the chosen type revealed this way. (Artifact, creature, enchantment, instant, land, planeswalker, sorcery, and tribal are card types.)"	G	G	Dissension	84	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Stomp and Howl	2G	3	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact and target enchantment.	G	G	Dissension	96	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Deathmark	B	1	Sorcery	Destroy target green or white creature.	B	B	Coldsnap	54	uncommon	Jeremy Jarvis		
Cryoclasm	2R	3	Sorcery	Destroy target Plains or Island. Cryoclasm deals 3 damage to that land's controller.	R	R	Coldsnap	79	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Phthisis	3BBBB	7	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. Its controller loses life equal to its power plus its toughness.
Suspend 5?{1}{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{B} and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Time Spiral	122	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Premature Burial	1B	2	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature that entered the battlefield since your last turn ended.	B	B	Time Spiral	125	uncommon	Clint Langley		
Smallpox	BB	2	Sorcery	"Each player loses 1 life, discards a card, sacrifices a creature, then sacrifices a land."	B	B	Time Spiral	131	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Conflagrate	XXR	1	Sorcery	"Conflagrate deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.
Flashback?{R}{R}, Discard X cards. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	151	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Ignite Memories	4R	5	Sorcery	"Target player reveals a card at random from their hand. Ignite Memories deals damage to that player equal to that card's converted mana cost.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	164	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Volcanic Awakening	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Destroy target land.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	R	R	Time Spiral	186	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Tromp the Domains	5G	6	Sorcery	"Domain ? Until end of turn, creatures you control gain trample and get +1/+1 for each basic land type among lands you control."	G	G	Time Spiral	230	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Saltblast	3WW	5	Sorcery	Destroy target nonwhite permanent.	W	W	Planar Chaos	15	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Shrouded Lore	B	1	Sorcery	"Target opponent chooses a card in your graveyard. You may pay {B}. If you do, repeat this process except that opponent can't choose a card already chosen for Shrouded Lore. Then put the last chosen card into your hand."	B	B	Planar Chaos	91	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Shivan Meteor	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Shivan Meteor deals 13 damage to target creature.
Suspend 2?{1}{R}{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{R}{R} and exile it with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Planar Chaos	106	uncommon	Chippy		
Hunting Wilds	3G	4	Sorcery	"Kicker {3}{G} (You may pay an additional {3}{G} as you cast this spell.)
Search your library for up to two Forest cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
If this spell was kicked, untap all Forests put onto the battlefield this way. They become 3/3 green creatures with haste that are still lands."	G	G	Planar Chaos	130	uncommon	Steve Ellis		
Harmonize	2GG	4	Sorcery	Draw three cards.	G	G	Planar Chaos	149	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Chronomantic Escape	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Until your next turn, creatures can't attack you. Exile Chronomantic Escape with three time counters on it.
Suspend 3?{2}{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{W} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Future Sight	4	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Mystic Speculation	U	1	Sorcery	"Buyback {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Scry 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Future Sight	41	uncommon	Trevor Hairsine		
Reality Strobe	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand. Exile Reality Strobe with three time counters on it.
Suspend 3?{2}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{U} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Future Sight	43	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Festering March	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn. Exile Festering March with three time counters on it.
Suspend 3?{2}{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{B} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Future Sight	65	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
Minions' Murmurs	2BB	4	Sorcery	"You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of creatures you control."	B	B	Future Sight	71	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Arc Blade	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Arc Blade deals 2 damage to any target. Exile Arc Blade with three time counters on it.
Suspend 3?{2}{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{R} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Future Sight	94	uncommon	Shishizaru		
Haze of Rage	1R	2	Sorcery	"Buyback {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	R	R	Future Sight	100	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Cyclical Evolution	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Exile Cyclical Evolution with three time counters on it.
Suspend 3?{2}{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{G} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	G	G	Future Sight	125	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Final Revels	4B	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? All creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.
? All creatures get -0/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Lorwyn	113	uncommon	Omar Rayyan		
Hoarder's Greed	3B	4	Sorcery	"You lose 2 life and draw two cards, then clash with an opponent. If you win, repeat this process. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	117	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Incremental Growth	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, two +1/+1 counters on another target creature, and three +1/+1 counters on a third target creature."	G	G	Lorwyn	221	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Woodland Guidance	3G	4	Sorcery	"Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. Clash with an opponent. If you win, untap all Forests you control. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)
Exile Woodland Guidance."	G	G	Lorwyn	243	uncommon	Richard Sardinha		
Research the Deep	1U	2	Sorcery	"Draw a card. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Research the Deep to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	U	U	Morningtide	46	uncommon	Eric Fortune		
Revive the Fallen	1B	2	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from a graveyard to its owner's hand. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Revive the Fallen to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	B	B	Morningtide	76	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Rivals' Duel	3R	4	Sorcery	Choose two target creatures that share no creature types. Those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	R	R	Morningtide	99	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Stomping Slabs	2R	3	Sorcery	"Reveal the top seven cards of your library, then put those cards on the bottom of your library in any order. If a card named Stomping Slabs was revealed this way, Stomping Slabs deals 7 damage to any target."	R	R	Morningtide	107	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Recross the Paths	2G	3	Sorcery	"Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a land card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Recross the Paths to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	G	G	Morningtide	133	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Spectral Procession	2/W2/W2/W	6	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.	W	W	Shadowmoor	23	uncommon	Jeremy Enecio		
Advice from the Fae	2/U2/U2/U	6	Sorcery	"({2/U} can be paid with any two mana or with {U}. This card's converted mana cost is 6.)
Look at the top five cards of your library. If you control more creatures than each other player, put two of those cards into your hand. Otherwise, put one of them into your hand. Then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Shadowmoor	28	uncommon	Chippy		
Beseech the Queen	2/B2/B2/B	6	Sorcery	"({2/B} can be paid with any two mana or with {B}. This card's converted mana cost is 6.)
Search your library for a card with converted mana cost less than or equal to the number of lands you control, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Shadowmoor	57	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Incremental Blight	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature, two -1/-1 counters on another target creature, and three -1/-1 counters on a third target creature."	B	B	Shadowmoor	70	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Jaws of Stone	5R	6	Sorcery	"Jaws of Stone deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of targets, where X is the number of Mountains you control as you cast this spell."	R	R	Shadowmoor	97	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Wild Swing	3R	4	Sorcery	Choose three target nonenchantment permanents. Destroy one of them at random.	R	R	Shadowmoor	108	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Howl of the Night Pack	6G	7	Sorcery	Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token for each Forest you control.	G	G	Shadowmoor	119	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Tower Above	2/G2/G2/G	6	Sorcery	"({2/G} can be paid with any two mana or with {G}. This card's converted mana cost is 6.)
Until end of turn, target creature gets +4/+4 and gains trample, wither, and ""When this creature attacks, target creature blocks it this turn if able."" (It deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)"	G	G	Shadowmoor	131	uncommon	Thomas Denmark		
River's Grasp	3U/B	4	Sorcery	"If {U} was spent to cast River's Grasp, return up to one target creature to its owner's hand. If {B} was spent to cast River's Grasp, target player reveals their hand, you choose a nonland card from it, then that player discards that card. (Do both if {U}{B} was spent.)"	U	U	Shadowmoor	174	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Torrent of Souls	4B/R	5	Sorcery	Return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield if {B} was spent to cast Torrent of Souls. Creatures target player controls get +2/+0 and gain haste until end of turn if {R} was spent to cast Torrent of Souls. (Do both if {B}{R} was spent.)	R	R	Shadowmoor	199	uncommon	Ian Edward Ameling		
Firespout	2R/G	3	Sorcery	Firespout deals 3 damage to each creature without flying if {R} was spent to cast Firespout and 3 damage to each creature with flying if {G} was spent to cast it. (Do both if {R}{G} was spent.)	R	R	Shadowmoor	205	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Fossil Find	R/G	1	Sorcery	"Return a card at random from your graveyard to your hand, then reorder your graveyard as you choose."	R	R	Shadowmoor	206	uncommon	Dave DeVries		
Dawnglow Infusion	XG/W	1	Sorcery	You gain X life if {G} was spent to cast Dawnglow Infusion and X life if {W} was spent to cast it. (Do both if {G}{W} was spent.)	W	W	Shadowmoor	225	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Unwilling Recruit	XRRR	3	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gets +X/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Eventide	64	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Phosphorescent Feast	2GGG	5	Sorcery	Chroma ? Reveal any number of cards in your hand. You gain 2 life for each green mana symbol in those cards' mana costs.	G	G	Eventide	72	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Savage Conception	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	G	G	Eventide	75	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Infest	1BB	3	Sorcery	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.	B	B	Shards of Alara	80	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Kiss of the Amesha	4WU	6	Sorcery	Target player gains 7 life and draws two cards.	W	W	Shards of Alara	177	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Sangrite Surge	4RG	6	Sorcery	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains double strike until end of turn.	R	R	Shards of Alara	190	uncommon	Jarreau Wimberly		
Voices from the Void	4B	5	Sorcery	Domain ? Target player discards a card for each basic land type among lands you control.	B	B	Conflux	55	uncommon	rk post		
Shard Convergence	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for a Plains card, an Island card, a Swamp card, and a Mountain card. Reveal those cards and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Conflux	91	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Spore Burst	3G	4	Sorcery	Domain ? Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each basic land type among lands you control.	G	G	Conflux	93	uncommon	Daarken		
Mind Funeral	1UB	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until four land cards are revealed. That player puts all cards revealed this way into their graveyard.	U	U	Alara Reborn	26	uncommon	rk post		
Vengeful Rebirth	4RG	6	Sorcery	"Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. If you return a nonland card to your hand this way, Vengeful Rebirth deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to any target.
Exile Vengeful Rebirth."	R	R	Alara Reborn	62	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Reborn Hope	GW	2	Sorcery	Return target multicolored card from your graveyard to your hand.	W	W	Alara Reborn	76	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Morbid Bloom	4BG	6	Sorcery	"Exile target creature card from a graveyard, then create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is the exiled card's toughness."	G	G	Alara Reborn	94	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Drastic Revelation	2UBR	5	Sorcery	"Discard your hand. Draw seven cards, then discard three cards at random."	U	U	Alara Reborn	111	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Slave of Bolas	3U/RB	5	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	U	U	Alara Reborn	136	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Landbind Ritual	3WW	5	Sorcery	You gain 2 life for each Plains you control.	W	W	Zendikar	24	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Windborne Charge	2WW	4	Sorcery	Two target creatures you control each get +2/+2 and gain flying until end of turn.	W	W	Zendikar	38	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Feast of Blood	1B	2	Sorcery	"Cast this spell only if you control two or more Vampires.
Destroy target creature. You gain 4 life."	B	B	Zendikar	88	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Marsh Casualties	BB	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
Creatures target player controls get -1/-1 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, those creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn instead."	B	B	Zendikar	101	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Mind Sludge	4B	5	Sorcery	Target player discards a card for each Swamp you control.	B	B	Zendikar	102	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Bestial Menace	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 green Snake creature token, a 2/2 green Wolf creature token, and a 3/3 green Elephant creature token."	G	G	Worldwake	97	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Oust	W	1	Sorcery	Put target creature into its owner's library second from the top. Its controller gains 3 life.	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	40	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Corpsehatch	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target nonblack creature. Create two 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	103	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Inquisition of Kozilek	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it with converted mana cost 3 or less. That player discards that card.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	115	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Explosive Revelation	3RR	5	Sorcery	Choose any target. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card. Explosive Revelation deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to that permanent or player. Put the nonland card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	143	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Forked Bolt	R	1	Sorcery	Forked Bolt deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets.	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	146	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Surreal Memoir	3R	4	Sorcery	"Return an instant card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	167	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Irresistible Prey	G	1	Sorcery	"Target creature must be blocked this turn if able.
Draw a card."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	188	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Exsanguinate	XBB	2	Sorcery	Each opponent loses X life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	61	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Flesh Allergy	2BB	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Destroy target creature. Its controller loses life equal to the number of creatures that died this turn."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	62	uncommon	Vance Kovacs		
Arc Trail	1R	2	Sorcery	Arc Trail deals 2 damage to any target and 1 damage to another target.	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	81	uncommon	Marc Simonetti		
Gruesome Encore	2B	3	Sorcery	"Put target creature card from an opponent's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step. If that creature would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else."	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	44	uncommon	Adrian Smith		
Metallic Mastery	2R	3	Sorcery	Gain control of target artifact until end of turn. Untap that artifact. It gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	71	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Arm with Aether	2U	3	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain ""Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, you may return target creature that player controls to its owner's hand."""	U	U	New Phyrexia	28	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Mindculling	5U	6	Sorcery	You draw two cards and target opponent discards two cards.	U	U	New Phyrexia	39	uncommon	Cos Koniotis		
Tezzeret's Gambit	3U/P	4	Sorcery	"({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)
Draw two cards, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	New Phyrexia	47	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Caress of Phyrexia	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Target player draws three cards, loses 3 life, and gets three poison counters."	B	B	New Phyrexia	53	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Despise	B	1	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a creature or planeswalker card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	New Phyrexia	56	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Ichor Explosion	5BB	7	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	New Phyrexia	64	uncommon	James Ryman		
Postmortem Lunge	XB/P	1	Sorcery	"({B/P} can be paid with either {B} or 2 life.)
Return target creature card with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	New Phyrexia	70	uncommon	Daarken		
Geosurge	RRRR	4	Sorcery	Add {R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R}. Spend this mana only to cast artifact or creature spells.	R	R	New Phyrexia	85	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Whipflare	1R	2	Sorcery	Whipflare deals 2 damage to each nonartifact creature.	R	R	New Phyrexia	102	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Corrosive Gale	XG/P	1	Sorcery	"({G/P} can be paid with either {G} or 2 life.)
Corrosive Gale deals X damage to each creature with flying."	G	G	New Phyrexia	107	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Triumph of the Hordes	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample and infect. (Creatures with infect deal damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)"	G	G	New Phyrexia	123	uncommon	Izzy		
Paraselene	2W	3	Sorcery	Destroy all enchantments. You gain 1 life for each enchantment destroyed this way.	W	W	Innistrad	26	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Runic Repetition	2U	3	Sorcery	Return target exiled card with flashback you own to your hand.	U	U	Innistrad	72	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Unburial Rites	4B	5	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Flashback {3}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	W	Innistrad	122	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Into the Maw of Hell	4RR	6	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Into the Maw of Hell deals 13 damage to target creature.	R	R	Innistrad	150	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Rolling Temblor	2R	3	Sorcery	"Rolling Temblor deals 2 damage to each creature without flying.
Flashback {4}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Innistrad	161	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Bramblecrush	2GG	4	Sorcery	Destroy target noncreature permanent.	G	G	Innistrad	172	uncommon	Drew Baker		
Make a Wish	3G	4	Sorcery	Return two cards at random from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Innistrad	192	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Spider Spawning	4G	5	Sorcery	"Create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach for each creature card in your graveyard.
Flashback {6}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Innistrad	203	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Lingering Souls	2W	3	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
Flashback {1}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Dark Ascension	12	uncommon	Bud Cook		
Chill of Foreboding	2U	3	Sorcery	"Each player puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard.
Flashback {7}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	32	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Mystic Retrieval	3U	4	Sorcery	"Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Flashback {2}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	42	uncommon	Scott Chou		
Deadly Allure	B	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn and must be blocked this turn if able.
Flashback {G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	G	Dark Ascension	58	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Harrowing Journey	4B	5	Sorcery	Target player draws three cards and loses 3 life.	B	B	Dark Ascension	67	uncommon	James Paick		
Blood Feud	4RR	6	Sorcery	Target creature fights another target creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	R	R	Dark Ascension	83	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Shattered Perception	2R	3	Sorcery	"Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards.
Flashback {5}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Dark Ascension	104	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Grim Flowering	5G	6	Sorcery	Draw a card for each creature card in your graveyard.	G	G	Dark Ascension	117	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Tracker's Instincts	1G	2	Sorcery	"Reveal the top four cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Flashback {2}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	U	Dark Ascension	128	uncommon	Jung Park		
Defy Death	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it's an Angel, put two +1/+1 counters on it."	W	W	Avacyn Restored	16	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Into the Void	3U	4	Sorcery	Return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	62	uncommon	Daarken		
Mass Appeal	2U	3	Sorcery	Draw a card for each Human you control.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	66	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Appetite for Brains	B	1	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it with converted mana cost 4 or greater and exile that card.	B	B	Avacyn Restored	84	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Blessings of Nature	4G	5	Sorcery	"Distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures.
Miracle {G} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	G	G	Avacyn Restored	168	uncommon	Anthony Francisco		
Rain of Thorns	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Choose one or more ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Destroy target land."	G	G	Avacyn Restored	190	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Assassin's Strike	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Its controller discards a card.	B	B	Return to Ravnica	57	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Goblin Rally	3RR	5	Sorcery	Create four 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	95	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Vandalblast	R	1	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact you don't control.
Overload {4}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	111	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Rites of Reaping	4BG	6	Sorcery	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	191	uncommon	David Rapoza		
Teleportal	UR	2	Sorcery	"Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.
Overload {3}{U}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	U	U	Return to Ravnica	202	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Treasured Find	BG	2	Sorcery	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Treasured Find.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	204	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Voidwalk	3U	4	Sorcery	"Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	55	uncommon	James Ryman		
Mental Vapors	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	72	uncommon	Mark Winters		
Mark for Death	3R	4	Sorcery	Target creature an opponent controls blocks this turn if able. Untap that creature. Other creatures that player controls can't block this turn.	R	R	Gatecrash	99	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Serene Remembrance	G	1	Sorcery	Shuffle Serene Remembrance and up to three target cards from a single graveyard into their owners' libraries.	G	G	Gatecrash	132	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Call of the Nightwing	2UB	4	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 blue and black Horror creature token with flying.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	149	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Urban Evolution	3GU	5	Sorcery	Draw three cards. You may play an additional land this turn.	U	U	Gatecrash	204	uncommon	Eytan Zana		
Coerced Confession	4U/B	5	Sorcery	Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard. You draw a card for each creature card put into that graveyard this way.	U	U	Gatecrash	217	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Blast of Genius	4UR	6	Sorcery	"Choose any target. Draw three cards, then discard a card. Blast of Genius deals damage equal to the discarded card's converted mana cost to that permanent or player."	U	U	Dragon's Maze	55	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Debt to the Deathless	XWWBB	4	Sorcery	Each opponent loses two times X life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	64	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Glare of Heresy	1W	2	Sorcery	Exile target white permanent.	W	W	Theros	15	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Vanquish the Foul	5W	6	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	W	W	Theros	35	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Sea God's Revenge	5U	6	Sorcery	Return up to three target creatures your opponents control to their owners' hands. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Theros	61	uncommon	Eric Velhagen		
Peak Eruption	2R	3	Sorcery	Destroy target Mountain. Peak Eruption deals 3 damage to that land's controller.	R	R	Theros	132	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Hunt the Hunter	G	1	Sorcery	Target green creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. It fights target green creature an opponent controls.	G	G	Theros	159	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Dawn to Dusk	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Born of the Gods	6	uncommon	Robbie Trevino		
Drown in Sorrow	1BB	3	Sorcery	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	B	B	Born of the Gods	65	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Sanguimancy	4B	5	Sorcery	"You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is your devotion to black. (Each {B} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)"	B	B	Born of the Gods	81	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Pinnacle of Rage	4RR	6	Sorcery	Pinnacle of Rage deals 3 damage to each of two targets.	R	R	Born of the Gods	105	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Mischief and Mayhem	4G	5	Sorcery	Up to two target creatures each get +4/+4 until end of turn.	G	G	Born of the Gods	126	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Peregrination	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Shuffle your library, then scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	G	G	Born of the Gods	132	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Skyreaping	1G	2	Sorcery	Skyreaping deals damage to each creature with flying equal to your devotion to green. (Each {G} in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	G	G	Born of the Gods	140	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Interpret the Signs	5U	6	Sorcery	"Scry 3, then reveal the top card of your library. Draw cards equal to that card's converted mana cost. (To scry 3, look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Journey into Nyx	43	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Pull from the Deep	2UU	4	Sorcery	Return up to one target instant card and up to one target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Pull from the Deep.	U	U	Journey into Nyx	47	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Spiteful Blow	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy target creature and target land.	B	B	Journey into Nyx	83	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Tormented Thoughts	2B	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Target player discards a number of cards equal to the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	Journey into Nyx	86	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Blinding Flare	R	1	Sorcery	"Strive ? This spell costs {R} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures can't block this turn."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	91	uncommon	Evan Shipard		
Rollick of Abandon	3RR	5	Sorcery	All creatures get +2/-2 until end of turn.	R	R	Journey into Nyx	108	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Spite of Mogis	R	1	Sorcery	Spite of Mogis deals damage to target creature equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Journey into Nyx	113	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Reviving Melody	2G	3	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Journey into Nyx	138	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Desperate Stand	RW	2	Sorcery	"Strive ? This spell costs {R}{W} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Any number of target creatures each get +2/+0 and gain first strike and vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Journey into Nyx	147	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Mass Calcify	5WW	7	Sorcery	Destroy all nonwhite creatures.	W	W	Shadowmoor	12	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Thoughtseize	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. You lose 2 life.	B	B	Theros	107	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Solar Tide	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy all creatures with power 2 or less.
? Destroy all creatures with power 3 or greater.
Entwine?Sacrifice two lands. (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	W	W	Mirrodin	24	rare	Dave Dorman		
Temporal Cascade	5UU	7	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library.
? Each player draws seven cards.
Entwine {2} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	U	U	Mirrodin	52	rare	Puddnhead		
Promise of Power	2BBB	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? You draw five cards and you lose 5 life.
? Create an X/X black Demon creature token with flying, where X is the number of cards in your hand.
Entwine {4} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	B	B	Mirrodin	74	rare	Kev Walker		
Fiery Gambit	2R	3	Sorcery	"Flip a coin until you lose a flip or choose to stop flipping. If you lose a flip, Fiery Gambit has no effect. If you win one or more flips, Fiery Gambit deals 3 damage to target creature. If you win two or more flips, Fiery Gambit deals 6 damage to each opponent. If you win three or more flips, draw nine cards and untap all lands you control."	R	R	Mirrodin	90	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Trash for Treasure	2R	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	R	R	Mirrodin	109	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Tooth and Nail	5GG	7	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Search your library for up to two creature cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library.
? Put up to two creature cards from your hand onto the battlefield.
Entwine {2} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	G	G	Mirrodin	134	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Soulscour	7WWW	10	Sorcery	Destroy all nonartifact permanents.	W	W	Darksteel	14	rare	Kev Walker		
Reshape	XUU	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost X or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Darksteel	31	rare	Jon Foster		
Aether Snap	3BB	5	Sorcery	Remove all counters from all permanents and exile all tokens.	B	B	Darksteel	37	rare	Kev Walker		
Death Cloud	XBBB	3	Sorcery	"Each player loses X life, discards X cards, sacrifices X creatures, then sacrifices X lands."	B	B	Darksteel	40	rare	Stephen Tappin		
Pulse of the Dross	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Target player reveals three cards from their hand and you choose one of them. That player discards that card. Then if that player has more cards in hand than you, return Pulse of the Dross to its owner's hand."	B	B	Darksteel	50	rare	Paolo Parente		
Flamebreak	RRR	3	Sorcery	Flamebreak deals 3 damage to each creature without flying and each player. Creatures dealt damage this way can't be regenerated this turn.	R	R	Darksteel	61	rare	Trevor Hairsine		
Pulse of the Tangle	1GG	3	Sorcery	"Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token. Then if an opponent controls more creatures than you, return Pulse of the Tangle to its owner's hand."	G	G	Darksteel	80	rare	Wayne England		
Rebuking Ceremony	3GG	5	Sorcery	Put two target artifacts on top of their owners' libraries.	G	G	Darksteel	82	rare	Ittoku		
Roar of Reclamation	5WW	7	Sorcery	Each player returns all artifact cards from their graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Fifth Dawn	14	rare	Justin Sweet		
Acquire	3UU	5	Sorcery	Search target opponent's library for an artifact card and put that card onto the battlefield under your control. Then that player shuffles their library.	U	U	Fifth Dawn	21	rare	Daren Bader		
Beacon of Tomorrows	6UU	8	Sorcery	Target player takes an extra turn after this one. Shuffle Beacon of Tomorrows into its owner's library.	U	U	Fifth Dawn	24	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Beacon of Unrest	3BB	5	Sorcery	Put target artifact or creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. Shuffle Beacon of Unrest into its owner's library.	B	B	Fifth Dawn	41	rare	Alan Pollack		
Granulate	2RR	4	Sorcery	Destroy each nonland artifact with converted mana cost 4 or less.	R	R	Fifth Dawn	67	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Reversal of Fortune	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You may copy an instant or sorcery card in it. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Fifth Dawn	77	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
All Suns' Dawn	4G	5	Sorcery	"For each color, return up to one target card of that color from your graveyard to your hand. Exile All Suns' Dawn."	G	G	Fifth Dawn	81	rare	Glen Angus		
Beacon of Creation	3G	4	Sorcery	Create a 1/1 green Insect creature token for each Forest you control. Shuffle Beacon of Creation into its owner's library.	G	G	Fifth Dawn	82	rare	Mark Tedin		
Rude Awakening	4G	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Untap all lands you control.
? Until end of turn, lands you control become 2/2 creatures that are still lands.
Entwine {2}{G} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	G	G	Fifth Dawn	92	rare	Ittoku		
Reverse the Sands	6WW	8	Sorcery	Redistribute any number of players' life totals. (Each of those players gets one life total back.)	W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	41	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Mindblaze	5R	6	Sorcery	"Choose a nonland card name and a number greater than 0. Target player reveals their library. If that library contains exactly the chosen number of cards with the chosen name, Mindblaze deals 8 damage to that player. Then that player shuffles their library."	R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	180	rare	John Avon		
Final Judgment	4WW	6	Sorcery	Exile all creatures.	W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	4	rare	Kev Walker		
Reduce to Dreams	3UU	5	Sorcery	Return all artifacts and enchantments to their owners' hands.	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	49	rare	Daren Bader		
Twist Allegiance	6R	7	Sorcery	You and target opponent each gain control of all creatures the other controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn.	R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	120	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Enshrined Memories	XG	1	Sorcery	Reveal the top X cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	124	rare	Jeff Easley		
Enduring Ideal	5WW	7	Sorcery	"Search your library for an enchantment card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.
Epic (For the rest of the game, you can't cast spells. At the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for its epic ability.)"	W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	9	rare	Daren Bader		
Eternal Dominion	7UUU	10	Sorcery	"Search target opponent's library for an artifact, creature, enchantment, or land card. Put that card onto the battlefield under your control. Then that player shuffles their library.
Epic (For the rest of the game, you can't cast spells. At the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for its epic ability. You may choose a new target for the copy.)"	U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	36	rare	Shishizaru		
Neverending Torment	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Search target player's library for X cards, where X is the number of cards in your hand, and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library.
Epic (For the rest of the game, you can't cast spells. At the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for its epic ability. You may choose a new target for the copy.)"	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	83	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Pain's Reward	2B	3	Sorcery	"Each player may bid life. You start the bidding with a bid of any number. In turn order, each player may top the high bid. The bidding ends if the high bid stands. The high bidder loses life equal to the high bid and draws four cards."	B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	85	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Rally the Horde	5R	6	Sorcery	"Exile the top card of your library. Exile the top card of your library. Exile the top card of your library. If the last card exiled isn't a land card, repeat this process. Create a 1/1 red Warrior creature token for each nonland card exiled this way."	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	110	rare	Paolo Parente		
Thoughts of Ruin	2RR	4	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices a land for each card in your hand.	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	118	rare	John Avon		
Undying Flames	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card. Undying Flames deals damage to any target equal to that card's converted mana cost.
Epic (For the rest of the game, you can't cast spells. At the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for its epic ability. You may choose a new target for the copy.)"	R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	119	rare	Tsutomu Kawade		
Endless Swarm	5GGG	8	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 green Snake creature token for each card in your hand.
Epic (For the rest of the game, you can't cast spells. At the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for its epic ability.)"	G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	129	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Hour of Reckoning	4WWW	7	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Destroy all nontoken creatures."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	21	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Three Dreams	4W	5	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to three Aura cards with different names, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	32	rare	Shishizaru		
Tunnel Vision	5U	6	Sorcery	"Choose a card name. Target player reveals cards from the top of their library until a card with that name is revealed. If it is, that player puts the rest of the revealed cards into their graveyard and puts the card with the chosen name on top of their library. Otherwise, the player shuffles their library."	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	72	rare	Dany Orizio		
Empty the Catacombs	3B	4	Sorcery	Each player returns all creature cards from their graveyard to their hand.	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	86	rare	Mark A. Nelson		
Hex	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy six target creatures.	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	89	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Sins of the Past	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, you may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead. Exile Sins of the Past."	B	B	Ravnica: City of Guilds	106	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Flame Fusillade	3R	4	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, permanents you control gain ""{T}: This permanent deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	123	rare	Dany Orizio		
Warp World	5RRR	8	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles all permanents they own into their library, then reveals that many cards from the top of their library. Each player puts all artifact, creature, and land cards revealed this way onto the battlefield, then does the same for enchantment cards, then puts all cards revealed this way that weren't put onto the battlefield on the bottom of their library."	R	R	Ravnica: City of Guilds	150	rare	Ron Spencer		
Life from the Loam	1G	2	Sorcery	"Return up to three target land cards from your graveyard to your hand.
Dredge 3 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly three cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	172	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Brightflame	XRRWW	4	Sorcery	Radiance ? Brightflame deals X damage to target creature and each other creature that shares a color with it. You gain life equal to the damage dealt this way.	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	194	rare	Dave Dorman		
Glimpse the Unthinkable	UB	2	Sorcery	Target player puts the top ten cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	208	rare	Brandon Kitkouski		
Razia's Purification	4RW	6	Sorcery	"Each player chooses three permanents they control, then sacrifices the rest."	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	224	rare	Shishizaru		
Storm Herd	8WW	10	Sorcery	"Create X 1/1 white Pegasus creature tokens with flying, where X is your life total."	W	W	Guildpact	19	rare	Jim Nelson		
Mimeofacture	3U	4	Sorcery	"Replicate {3}{U} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Choose target permanent an opponent controls. Search that player's library for a card with the same name and put it onto the battlefield under your control. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Guildpact	30	rare	Dan Scott		
Siege of Towers	1R	2	Sorcery	"Replicate {1}{R} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Target Mountain becomes a 3/1 creature. It's still a land."	R	R	Guildpact	76	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Culling Sun	2WWB	5	Sorcery	Destroy each creature with converted mana cost 3 or less.	W	W	Guildpact	109	rare	Daren Bader		
Invoke the Firemind	XUUR	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Draw X cards.
? Invoke the Firemind deals X damage to any target."	U	U	Guildpact	118	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Stitch in Time	1UR	3	Sorcery	"Flip a coin. If you win the flip, take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Guildpact	132	rare	Jon Foster		
Proclamation of Rebirth	2W	3	Sorcery	"Return up to three target creature cards with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Forecast ? {5}{W}, Reveal Proclamation of Rebirth from your hand: Return target creature card with converted mana cost 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	W	W	Dissension	15	rare	William Simpson		
Govern the Guildless	5U	6	Sorcery	"Gain control of target monocolored creature.
Forecast ? {1}{U}, Reveal Govern the Guildless from your hand: Target creature becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)"	U	U	Dissension	25	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Infernal Tutor	1B	2	Sorcery	"Reveal a card from your hand. Search your library for a card with the same name as that card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Hellbent ? If you have no cards in hand, instead search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Dissension	46	rare	Kev Walker		
Wit's End	5BB	7	Sorcery	Target player discards their hand.	B	B	Dissension	58	rare	Kev Walker		
Demonfire	XR	1	Sorcery	"Demonfire deals X damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.
Hellbent ? If you have no cards in hand, this spell can't be countered and the damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Dissension	60	rare	Greg Staples		
Biomantic Mastery	4G/UG/UG/U	7	Sorcery	"Draw a card for each creature target player controls, then draw a card for each creature another target player controls."	U	U	Dissension	142	rare	Dan Scott		
Sunscour	5WW	7	Sorcery	"You may exile two white cards from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy all creatures."	W	W	Coldsnap	19	rare	Jim Murray		
Fury of the Horde	5RR	7	Sorcery	"You may exile two red cards from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase."	R	R	Coldsnap	81	rare	Stephen Tappin		
Evangelize	4W	5	Sorcery	"Buyback {2}{W}{W} (You may pay an additional {2}{W}{W} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Gain control of target creature of an opponent's choice they control."	W	W	Time Spiral	16	rare	Randy Elliott		
Restore Balance		0	Sorcery	"Suspend 6?{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {W} and exile it with six time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Each player chooses a number of lands they control equal to the number of lands controlled by the player who controls the fewest, then sacrifices the rest. Players sacrifice creatures and discard cards the same way."	W	W	Time Spiral	38	rare	Mark Poole		
Ancestral Vision		0	Sorcery	"Suspend 4?{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {U} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Target player draws three cards."	U	U	Time Spiral	48	rare	Mark Poole		
Walk the Aeons	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Buyback?Sacrifice three Islands. (You may sacrifice three Islands in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target player takes an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Time Spiral	93	rare	Jeremy Jarvis		
Curse of the Cabal	9B	10	Sorcery	"Target player sacrifices half the permanents they control, rounded down.
Suspend 2?{2}{B}{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {2}{B}{B} and exile it with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if Curse of the Cabal is suspended, that player may sacrifice a permanent. If the player does, put two time counters on Curse of the Cabal."	B	B	Time Spiral	99	rare	John Avon		
Demonic Collusion	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Buyback?Discard two cards. (You may discard two cards in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Time Spiral	103	rare	Jim Nelson		
Living End		0	Sorcery	"Suspend 3?{2}{B}{B} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {2}{B}{B} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Each player exiles all creature cards from their graveyard, then sacrifices all creatures they control, then puts all cards they exiled this way onto the battlefield."	B	B	Time Spiral	115	rare	Greg Staples		
Wheel of Fate		0	Sorcery	"Suspend 4?{1}{R} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {1}{R} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards."	R	R	Time Spiral	187	rare	Kev Walker		
Wurmcalling	XG	1	Sorcery	"Buyback {2}{G} (You may pay an additional {2}{G} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Create an X/X green Wurm creature token."	G	G	Time Spiral	234	rare	Jeff Easley		
Heroes Remembered	6WWW	9	Sorcery	"You gain 20 life.
Suspend 10?{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {W} and exile it with ten time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Planar Chaos	7	rare	Michael Phillippi		
Retether	3W	4	Sorcery	Return each Aura card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Only creatures can be enchanted this way. (Aura cards that can't enchant a creature on the battlefield remain in your graveyard.)	W	W	Planar Chaos	13	rare	Dan Scott		
Dichotomancy	7UU	9	Sorcery	"For each tapped nonland permanent target opponent controls, search that player's library for a card with the same name as that permanent and put it onto the battlefield under your control. Then that player shuffles their library.
Suspend 3?{1}{U}{U} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {1}{U}{U} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Planar Chaos	38	rare	Steven Belledin		
Temporal Extortion	BBBB	4	Sorcery	"When you cast this spell, any player may pay half their life, rounded up. If a player does, counter Temporal Extortion.
Take an extra turn after this one."	B	B	Planar Chaos	81	rare	Steven Belledin		
Damnation	2BB	4	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Planar Chaos	85	rare	Kev Walker		
Molten Disaster	XRR	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} as you cast this spell.)
If this spell was kicked, it has split second. (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Molten Disaster deals X damage to each creature without flying and each player."	R	R	Future Sight	102	rare	Ittoku		
Glittering Wish	GW	2	Sorcery	"You may choose a multicolored card you own from outside the game, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Exile Glittering Wish."	W	W	Future Sight	156	rare	John Donahue		
Austere Command	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Choose two ?
? Destroy all artifacts.
? Destroy all enchantments.
? Destroy all creatures with converted mana cost 3 or less.
? Destroy all creatures with converted mana cost 4 or greater."	W	W	Lorwyn	3	rare	Wayne England		
Fathom Trawl	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal three nonland cards. Put the nonland cards revealed this way into your hand, then put the rest of the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Lorwyn	65	rare	Paul Chadwick		
Profane Command	XBB	2	Sorcery	"Choose two ?
? Target player loses X life.
? Return target creature card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
? Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.
? Up to X target creatures gain fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Lorwyn	135	rare	Wayne England		
Heat Shimmer	2R	3	Sorcery	"Create a token that's a copy of target creature, except it has haste and ""At the beginning of the end step, exile this permanent."""	R	R	Lorwyn	175	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Incendiary Command	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Choose two ?
? Incendiary Command deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.
? Incendiary Command deals 2 damage to each creature.
? Destroy target nonbasic land.
? Each player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards."	R	R	Lorwyn	179	rare	Wayne England		
Primal Command	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Choose two ?
? Target player gains 7 life.
? Put target noncreature permanent on top of its owner's library.
? Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library.
? Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Lorwyn	233	rare	Wayne England		
Idyllic Tutor	2W	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for an enchantment card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Morningtide	12	rare	Howard Lyon		
Mind Spring	XUU	2	Sorcery	Draw X cards.	U	U	Morningtide	41	rare	Mark Zug		
Mind Shatter	XBB	2	Sorcery	Target player discards X cards at random.	B	B	Morningtide	66	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Titan's Revenge	XRR	2	Sorcery	"Titan's Revenge deals X damage to any target. Clash with an opponent. If you win, return Titan's Revenge to its owner's hand. (Each clashing player reveals the top card of their library, then puts that card on the top or bottom. A player wins if their card had a higher converted mana cost.)"	R	R	Morningtide	110	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Savor the Moment	1UU	3	Sorcery	Take an extra turn after this one. Skip the untap step of that turn.	U	U	Shadowmoor	50	rare	Warren Mahy		
Plague of Vermin	6B	7	Sorcery	"Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of life. Repeat this process until no one pays life. Each player creates a 1/1 black Rat creature token for each 1 life they paid this way."	B	B	Shadowmoor	73	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Worldpurge	4W/UW/UW/UW/U	8	Sorcery	"Return all permanents to their owners' hands. Each player chooses up to seven cards in their hand, then shuffles the rest into their library. Each player loses all unspent mana."	W	W	Shadowmoor	156	rare	Chippy		
Din of the Fireherd	5B/RB/RB/R	8	Sorcery	"Create a 5/5 black and red Elemental creature token. Target opponent sacrifices a creature for each black creature you control, then sacrifices a land for each red creature you control."	R	R	Shadowmoor	184	rare	Dave Dorman		
Tyrannize	3B/RB/R	5	Sorcery	Target player discards their hand unless they pay 7 life.	R	R	Shadowmoor	201	rare	Mark Tedin		
Hallowed Burial	3WW	5	Sorcery	Put all creatures on the bottom of their owners' libraries.	W	W	Eventide	7	rare	Dave Kendall		
Inundate	3UUU	6	Sorcery	Return all nonblue creatures to their owners' hands.	U	U	Eventide	25	rare	Mark Zug		
Sanity Grinding	UUU	3	Sorcery	"Chroma ? Reveal the top ten cards of your library. For each blue mana symbol in the mana costs of the revealed cards, target opponent puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. Then put the cards you revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Eventide	29	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Nightmare Incursion	5B	6	Sorcery	"Search target player's library for up to X cards, where X is the number of Swamps you control, and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Eventide	40	rare	Chuck Lukacs		
Rekindled Flame	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Rekindled Flame deals 4 damage to any target.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if an opponent has no cards in hand, you may return Rekindled Flame from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Eventide	61	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Pyrrhic Revival	3W/BW/BW/B	6	Sorcery	Each player returns each creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield with an additional -1/-1 counter on it.	W	W	Eventide	93	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Call the Skybreaker	5U/RU/R	7	Sorcery	"Create a 5/5 blue and red Elemental creature token with flying.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	U	U	Eventide	98	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Worm Harvest	2B/GB/GB/G	5	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 black and green Worm creature token for each land card in your graveyard.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	G	G	Eventide	131	rare	Chuck Lukacs		
Waves of Aggression	3R/WR/W	5	Sorcery	"Untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	W	W	Eventide	148	rare	Jim Pavelec		
Spitting Image	4G/UG/U	6	Sorcery	"Create a token that's a copy of target creature.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	U	U	Eventide	162	rare	Jim Nelson		
Invincible Hymn	6WW	8	Sorcery	Count the number of cards in your library. Your life total becomes that number.	W	W	Shards of Alara	14	rare	Matt Stewart		
Covenant of Minds	4U	5	Sorcery	"Reveal the top three cards of your library. Target opponent may choose to put those cards into your hand. If they don't, put those cards into your graveyard and draw five cards."	U	U	Shards of Alara	38	rare	Dan Seagrave		
Brilliant Ultimatum	WWUUUBB	7	Sorcery	Exile the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. You may play any number of cards from one of those piles without paying their mana costs.	W	W	Shards of Alara	159	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Clarion Ultimatum	GGWWWUU	7	Sorcery	"Choose five permanents you control. For each of those permanents, you may search your library for a card with the same name as that permanent. Put those cards onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Shards of Alara	163	rare	Michael Komarck		
Cruel Ultimatum	UUBBBRR	7	Sorcery	"Target opponent sacrifices a creature, discards three cards, then loses 5 life. You return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand, draw three cards, then gain 5 life."	U	U	Shards of Alara	164	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Titanic Ultimatum	RRGGGWW	7	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain first strike, trample, and lifelink."	W	W	Shards of Alara	204	rare	Steve Prescott		
Violent Ultimatum	BBRRRGG	7	Sorcery	Destroy three target permanents.	R	R	Shards of Alara	206	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Martial Coup	XWW	2	Sorcery	"Create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens. If X is 5 or more, destroy all other creatures."	W	W	Conflux	11	rare	Greg Staples		
Telemin Performance	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card. That player puts all noncreature cards revealed this way into their graveyard, then you put the creature card onto the battlefield under your control."	U	U	Conflux	35	rare	Izzy		
Soul's Majesty	4G	5	Sorcery	Draw cards equal to the power of target creature you control.	G	G	Conflux	92	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Soulquake	3UUBB	7	Sorcery	Return all creatures on the battlefield and all creature cards in graveyards to their owners' hands.	U	U	Alara Reborn	30	rare	Warren Mahy		
Thought Hemorrhage	2BR	4	Sorcery	"Choose a nonland card name. Target player reveals their hand. Thought Hemorrhage deals 3 damage to that player for each card with the chosen name revealed this way. Search that player's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	R	R	Alara Reborn	47	rare	Chippy		
Identity Crisis	2WWBB	6	Sorcery	Exile all cards from target player's hand and graveyard.	W	W	Alara Reborn	81	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Maelstrom Pulse	1BG	3	Sorcery	Destroy target nonland permanent and all other permanents with the same name as that permanent.	G	G	Alara Reborn	92	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Lavalanche	XBRG	3	Sorcery	Lavalanche deals X damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.	R	R	Alara Reborn	118	rare	Steve Argyle		
Wargate	XGWU	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a permanent card with converted mana cost X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Alara Reborn	129	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Conqueror's Pledge	2WWW	5	Sorcery	"Kicker {6} (You may pay an additional {6} as you cast this spell.)
Create six 1/1 white Kor Soldier creature tokens. If this spell was kicked, create twelve of those tokens instead."	W	W	Zendikar	8	rare	Kev Walker		
Day of Judgment	2WW	4	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures.	W	W	Zendikar	9	rare	Vincent Proce		
Rite of Replication	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Kicker {5} (You may pay an additional {5} as you cast this spell.)
Create a token that's a copy of target creature. If this spell was kicked, create five of those tokens instead."	U	U	Zendikar	61	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Blood Tribute	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Kicker?Tap an untapped Vampire you control. (You may tap a Vampire you control in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Target opponent loses half their life, rounded up. If this spell was kicked, you gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Zendikar	81	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Sadistic Sacrament	BBB	3	Sorcery	"Kicker {7} (You may pay an additional {7} as you cast this spell.)
Search target player's library for up to three cards, exile them, then that player shuffles their library. If this spell was kicked, instead search that player's library for up to fifteen cards, exile them, then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Zendikar	110	rare	Dan Scott		
Elemental Appeal	RRRR	4	Sorcery	"Kicker {5} (You may pay an additional {5} as you cast this spell.)
Create a 7/1 red Elemental creature token with trample and haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step. If this spell was kicked, that creature gets +7/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Zendikar	123	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Selective Memory	3U	4	Sorcery	Search your library for any number of nonland cards and exile them. Then shuffle your library.	U	U	Worldwake	37	rare	Chippy		
Chain Reaction	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Chain Reaction deals X damage to each creature, where X is the number of creatures on the battlefield."	R	R	Worldwake	74	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Nomads' Assembly	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 white Kor Soldier creature token for each creature you control.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	39	rare	Erica Yang		
Recurring Insight	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Draw cards equal to the number of cards in target opponent's hand.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	82	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Consuming Vapors	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target player sacrifices a creature. You gain life equal to that creature's toughness.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	101	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Repay in Kind	5BB	7	Sorcery	Each player's life total becomes the lowest life total among all players.	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	125	rare	Vance Kovacs		
Devastating Summons	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice X lands.
Create two X/X red Elemental creature tokens."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	140	rare	Jung Park		
Disaster Radius	5RR	7	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a creature card from your hand.
Disaster Radius deals X damage to each creature your opponents control, where X is the revealed card's converted mana cost."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	141	rare	James Paick		
Hellion Eruption	5R	6	Sorcery	"Sacrifice all creatures you control, then create that many 4/4 red Hellion creature tokens."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	151	rare	Anthony Francisco		
World at War	3RR	5	Sorcery	"After the first postcombat main phase this turn, there's an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. At the beginning of that combat, untap all creatures that attacked this turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	172	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Gelatinous Genesis	XXG	1	Sorcery	Create X X/X green Ooze creature tokens.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	183	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Shape Anew	3U	4	Sorcery	"The controller of target artifact sacrifices it, then reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal an artifact card. That player puts that card onto the battlefield, then shuffles all other cards revealed this way into their library."	U	U	Scars of Mirrodin	43	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Memoricide	3B	4	Sorcery	"Choose a nonland card name. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	69	rare	James Ryman		
Cerebral Eruption	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals the top card of their library. Cerebral Eruption deals damage equal to the revealed card's converted mana cost to that player and each creature that player controls. If a land card is revealed this way, return Cerebral Eruption to its owner's hand."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	86	rare	Kev Walker		
Molten Psyche	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles the cards from their hand into their library, then draws that many cards.
Metalcraft ? If you control three or more artifacts, Molten Psyche deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of cards that player has drawn this turn."	R	R	Scars of Mirrodin	98	rare	Ryan Yee		
Genesis Wave	XGGG	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top X cards of your library. You may put any number of permanent cards with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Then put all cards revealed this way that weren't put onto the battlefield into your graveyard.	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	122	rare	James Paick		
Phyrexian Rebirth	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures, then create an X/X colorless Horror artifact creature token, where X is the number of creatures destroyed this way."	W	W	Mirrodin Besieged	15	rare	Scott Chou		
Distant Memories	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card, exile it, then shuffle your library. Any opponent may have you put that card into your hand. If no player does, you draw three cards."	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	24	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Mitotic Manipulation	1UU	3	Sorcery	Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put one of those cards onto the battlefield if it has the same name as a permanent. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	U	U	Mirrodin Besieged	27	rare	Dan Scott		
Black Sun's Zenith	XBB	2	Sorcery	Put X -1/-1 counters on each creature. Shuffle Black Sun's Zenith into its owner's library.	B	B	Mirrodin Besieged	39	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Red Sun's Zenith	XR	1	Sorcery	"Red Sun's Zenith deals X damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead. Shuffle Red Sun's Zenith into its owner's library."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	74	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Slagstorm	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Slagstorm deals 3 damage to each creature.
? Slagstorm deals 3 damage to each player."	R	R	Mirrodin Besieged	75	rare	Dan Scott		
Creeping Corrosion	2GG	4	Sorcery	Destroy all artifacts.	G	G	Mirrodin Besieged	78	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Life's Finale	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures, then search target opponent's library for up to three creature cards and put them into their graveyard. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	New Phyrexia	65	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Praetor's Grasp	1BB	3	Sorcery	Search target opponent's library for a card and exile it face down. Then that player shuffles their library. You may look at and play that card for as long as it remains exiled.	B	B	New Phyrexia	71	rare	Steve Argyle		
Divine Reckoning	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Each player chooses a creature they control. Destroy the rest.
Flashback {5}{W}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Innistrad	10	rare	Greg Staples		
Sever the Bloodline	3B	4	Sorcery	"Exile target creature and all other creatures with the same name as that creature.
Flashback {5}{B}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Innistrad	115	rare	Clint Cearley		
Blasphemous Act	8R	9	Sorcery	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.
Blasphemous Act deals 13 damage to each creature."	R	R	Innistrad	130	rare	Daarken		
Devil's Play	XR	1	Sorcery	"Devil's Play deals X damage to any target.
Flashback {X}{R}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Innistrad	140	rare	Austin Hsu		
Creeping Renaissance	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Choose a permanent type. Return all cards of the chosen type from your graveyard to your hand.
Flashback {5}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Innistrad	174	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Increasing Devotion	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Create five 1/1 white Human creature tokens. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, create ten of those tokens instead.
Flashback {7}{W}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Dark Ascension	11	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Sudden Disappearance	5W	6	Sorcery	Exile all nonland permanents target player controls. Return the exiled cards to the battlefield under their owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Dark Ascension	23	rare	Cliff Childs		
Increasing Confusion	XU	1	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, that player puts twice that many cards into their graveyard instead.
Flashback {X}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Dark Ascension	41	rare	Dan Scott		
Increasing Ambition	4B	5	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, instead search your library for two cards and put those cards into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Flashback {7}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Dark Ascension	69	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Zombie Apocalypse	3BBB	6	Sorcery	"Return all Zombie creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped, then destroy all Humans."	B	B	Dark Ascension	80	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Alpha Brawl	6RR	8	Sorcery	"Target creature an opponent controls deals damage equal to its power to each other creature that player controls, then each of those creatures deals damage equal to its power to that creature."	R	R	Dark Ascension	82	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Increasing Savagery	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Put five +1/+1 counters on target creature. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, put ten +1/+1 counters on that creature instead.
Flashback {5}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Dark Ascension	120	rare	Steve Prescott		
Terminus	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Put all creatures on the bottom of their owners' libraries.
Miracle {W} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	W	W	Avacyn Restored	38	rare	James Paick		
Devastation Tide	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Return all nonland permanents to their owners' hands.
Miracle {1}{U} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	U	U	Avacyn Restored	48	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Stolen Goods	3U	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent exiles cards from the top of their library until they exile a nonland card. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Avacyn Restored	78	rare	Anthony Francisco		
Killing Wave	XB	1	Sorcery	"For each creature, its controller sacrifices it unless they pay X life."	B	B	Avacyn Restored	111	rare	Steve Argyle		
Burn at the Stake	2RRR	5	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap any number of untapped creatures you control.
Burn at the Stake deals damage to any target equal to three times the number of creatures tapped this way."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	130	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Reforge the Soul	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.
Miracle {1}{R} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	R	R	Avacyn Restored	151	rare	Jaime Jones		
Rite of Ruin	5RR	7	Sorcery	"Choose an order for artifacts, creatures, and lands. Each player sacrifices one permanent of the first type, sacrifices two of the second type, then sacrifices three of the third type."	R	R	Avacyn Restored	153	rare	Clint Cearley		
Revenge of the Hunted	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, target creature gets +6/+6 and gains trample, and all creatures able to block it this turn do so.
Miracle {G} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	G	G	Avacyn Restored	191	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Mizzium Mortars	1R	2	Sorcery	"Mizzium Mortars deals 4 damage to target creature you don't control.
Overload {3}{R}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Return to Ravnica	101	rare	Noah Bradley		
Dreadbore	BR	2	Sorcery	Destroy target creature or planeswalker.	R	R	Return to Ravnica	157	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Jarad's Orders	2BG	4	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two creature cards and reveal them. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Return to Ravnica	175	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Slaughter Games	2BR	4	Sorcery	"This spell can't be countered.
Choose a nonland card name. Search target opponent's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	197	rare	Steve Prescott		
Supreme Verdict	1WWU	4	Sorcery	"This spell can't be countered.
Destroy all creatures."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	201	rare	Sam Burley		
Stolen Identity	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Create a token that's a copy of target artifact or creature.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	53	rare	Clint Cearley		
Undercity Plague	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Target player loses 1 life, discards a card, then sacrifices a permanent.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	B	B	Gatecrash	83	rare	Vincent Proce		
Clan Defiance	XRG	2	Sorcery	"Choose one or more ?
? Clan Defiance deals X damage to target creature with flying.
? Clan Defiance deals X damage to target creature without flying.
? Clan Defiance deals X damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Gatecrash	151	rare	Daarken		
Merciless Eviction	4WB	6	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Exile all artifacts.
? Exile all creatures.
? Exile all enchantments.
? Exile all planeswalkers."	W	W	Gatecrash	177	rare	Richard Wright		
Mind Grind	XUB	2	Sorcery	"Each opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal X land cards, then puts all cards revealed this way into their graveyard. X can't be 0."	U	U	Gatecrash	178	rare	Daarken		
Unexpected Results	2GU	4	Sorcery	"Shuffle your library, then reveal the top card. If it's a nonland card, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. If it's a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield and return Unexpected Results to its owner's hand."	U	U	Gatecrash	203	rare	Mike Bierek		
Whispering Madness	2UB	4	Sorcery	"Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Gatecrash	207	rare	Clint Cearley		
Immortal Servitude	XW/BW/BW/B	3	Sorcery	Return each creature card with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Gatecrash	220	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Trait Doctoring	U	1	Sorcery	"Change the text of target permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another or one basic land type with another until end of turn.
Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragon's Maze	18	rare	Clint Cearley		
Gaze of Granite	XBBG	3	Sorcery	Destroy each nonland permanent with converted mana cost X or less.	G	G	Dragon's Maze	72	rare	Nils Hamm		
Obzedat's Aid	3WB	5	Sorcery	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Dragon's Maze	89	rare	Dan Scott		
Curse of the Swine	XUU	2	Sorcery	"Exile X target creatures. For each creature exiled this way, its controller creates a 2/2 green Boar creature token."	U	U	Theros	46	rare	James Ryman		
Anger of the Gods	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Anger of the Gods deals 3 damage to each creature. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Theros	112	rare	Noah Bradley		
Psychic Intrusion	3UB	5	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from that player's graveyard or hand and exile it. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell."	U	U	Theros	200	rare	Jaime Jones		
Plea for Guidance	5W	6	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two enchantment cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Born of the Gods	24	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Whelming Wave	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Return all creatures to their owners' hands except for Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, and Serpents."	U	U	Born of the Gods	57	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Gild	3B	4	Sorcery	"Exile target creature. Create a colorless artifact token named Gold. It has ""Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Born of the Gods	73	rare	Richard Wright		
Whims of the Fates	5R	6	Sorcery	"Starting with you, each player separates all permanents they control into three piles. Then each player chooses one of their piles at random and sacrifices those permanents. (Piles can be empty.)"	R	R	Born of the Gods	115	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Hunter's Prowess	4G	5	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample and ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards."""	G	G	Born of the Gods	124	rare	Greg Staples		
Launch the Fleet	W	1	Sorcery	"Strive ? This spell costs {1} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Until end of turn, any number of target creatures each gain ""Whenever this creature attacks, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token that's tapped and attacking."""	W	W	Journey into Nyx	15	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Extinguish All Hope	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy all nonenchantment creatures.	B	B	Journey into Nyx	68	rare	Chase Stone		
Harness by Force	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{R} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Gain control of any number of target creatures until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	100	rare	Yefim Kligerman		
Twinflame	1R	2	Sorcery	"Strive ? This spell costs {2}{R} more to cast for each target beyond the first.
Choose any number of target creatures you control. For each of them, create a token that's a copy of that creature, except it has haste. Exile those tokens at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Journey into Nyx	115	rare	Chase Stone		
Revel of the Fallen God	3RRGG	7	Sorcery	Create four 2/2 red and green Satyr creature tokens with haste.	R	R	Journey into Nyx	155	rare	Adam Paquette		
Anurid Murkdiver	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Frog Beast	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Onslaught	124	common	Dany Orizio		
Crown of Suspicion	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-1.
Sacrifice Crown of Suspicion: Enchanted creature and other creatures that share a creature type with it get +2/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Onslaught	134	common	Wayne England		
Disciple of Malice	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from white
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Onslaught	139	common	Matt Cavotta		
Haunted Cadaver	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Haunted Cadaver deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, that player discards three cards.
Morph {1}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	154	common	Randy Gallegos		
Wretched Anurid	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Frog Beast	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life."	B	B	Onslaught	183	common	Glen Angus		
Battering Craghorn	2RR	4	Creature ? Goat Beast	"First strike
Morph {1}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	188	common	Matt Cavotta		
Charging Slateback	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"Charging Slateback can't block.
Morph {4}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	194	common	Mark Tedin		
Crown of Fury	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has first strike.
Sacrifice Crown of Fury: Enchanted creature and other creatures that share a creature type with it get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Onslaught	196	common	Bradley Williams		
Goblin Sledder	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	Sacrifice a Goblin: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	R	R	Onslaught	209	common	Ron Spencer		
Goblin Taskmaster	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"{1}{R}: Target Goblin creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Morph {R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	210	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Lavamancer's Skill	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to target creature.""
As long as enchanted creature is a Wizard, it has ""{T}: This creature deals 2 damage to target creature."""	R	R	Onslaught	215	common	Monte Michael Moore		
Nosy Goblin	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"{T}, Sacrifice Nosy Goblin: Destroy target face-down creature."	R	R	Onslaught	220	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Skirk Commando	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Skirk Commando deals combat damage to a player, you may have it deal 2 damage to target creature that player controls.
Morph {2}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	228	common	Dave Dorman		
Barkhide Mauler	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Onslaught	246	common	Iain McCaig		
Elvish Guidance	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional {G} for each Elf on the battlefield."	G	G	Onslaught	255	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Elvish Pathcutter	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Scout	{2}{G}: Target Elf creature gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Onslaught	256	common	Todd Lockwood		
Leery Fogbeast	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Leery Fogbeast becomes blocked, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	G	G	Onslaught	273	common	Matt Cavotta		
Symbiotic Elf	3G	4	Creature ? Elf	"When Symbiotic Elf dies, create two 1/1 green Insect creature tokens."	G	G	Onslaught	288	common	Wayne England		
Treespring Lorian	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	Morph {5}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	G	G	Onslaught	293	common	Heather Hudson		
Wirewood Elf	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Onslaught	301	common	Jerry Tiritilli		
Wirewood Herald	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	"When Wirewood Herald dies, you may search your library for an Elf card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Onslaught	302	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Aven Redeemer	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Legions	3	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Daru Sanctifier	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Morph {1}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Daru Sanctifier is turned face up, destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Legions	9	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Daru Stinger	3W	4	Creature ? Soldier	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Soldier card you reveal in your hand.)
{T}: Daru Stinger deals damage equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Legions	10	common	Greg Staples		
Deftblade Elite	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)
{1}{W}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Deftblade Elite this turn."	W	W	Legions	12	common	Alan Pollack		
Gempalm Avenger	5W	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Cycling {2}{W} ({2}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Gempalm Avenger, Soldier creatures get +1/+1 and gain first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Legions	14	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Lowland Tracker	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	W	W	Legions	17	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Wall of Hope	W	1	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Wall of Hope is dealt damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Legions	24	common	David Martin		
Whipgrass Entangler	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{W}: Until end of turn, target creature gains ""This creature can't attack or block unless its controller pays {1} for each Cleric on the battlefield."""	W	W	Legions	26	common	Ben Thompson		
Wingbeat Warrior	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier Warrior	"Flying
Morph {2}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Wingbeat Warrior is turned face up, target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Legions	29	common	Kev Walker		
Cephalid Pathmage	2U	3	Creature ? Cephalid Wizard	"Cephalid Pathmage can't be blocked.
{T}, Sacrifice Cephalid Pathmage: Target creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Legions	31	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Covert Operative	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	Covert Operative can't be blocked.	U	U	Legions	33	common	Kev Walker		
Keeneye Aven	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Legions	41	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Mistform Seaswift	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{1}: Mistform Seaswift becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn.
Morph {1}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Legions	45	common	Dany Orizio		
Mistform Sliver	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{1}: This permanent becomes the creature type of your choice in addition to its other types until end of turn."""	U	U	Legions	46	common	Ben Thompson		
Blood Celebrant	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{B}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color."	B	B	Legions	61	common	Ben Thompson		
Embalmed Brawler	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Zombie card you reveal in your hand.)
Whenever Embalmed Brawler attacks or blocks, you lose 1 life for each +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Legions	69	common	Justin Sweet		
Goblin Turncoat	1B	2	Creature ? Goblin Mercenary	Sacrifice a Goblin: Regenerate Goblin Turncoat.	B	B	Legions	72	common	Jim Nelson		
Infernal Caretaker	3B	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Morph {3}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Infernal Caretaker is turned face up, return all Zombie cards from all graveyards to their owners' hands."	B	B	Legions	76	common	Christopher Moeller		
Skinthinner	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Morph {3}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Skinthinner is turned face up, destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Legions	80	common	Dany Orizio		
Smokespew Invoker	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Mutant	{7}{B}: Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.	B	B	Legions	81	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Bloodstoke Howler	5R	6	Creature ? Beast	"Morph {6}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Bloodstoke Howler is turned face up, Beast creatures you control get +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Legions	89	common	Christopher Moeller		
Goblin Grappler	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	R	R	Legions	100	common	Christopher Moeller		
Goblin Lookout	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"{T}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Goblin creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Legions	101	common	Jim Nelson		
Hunter Sliver	1R	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have provoke. (Whenever a Sliver attacks, its controller may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	R	R	Legions	102	common	Kev Walker		
Skirk Marauder	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Morph {2}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Skirk Marauder is turned face up, it deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Legions	113	common	Pete Venters		
Skirk Outrider	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"As long as you control a Beast, Skirk Outrider gets +2/+2 and has trample."	R	R	Legions	114	common	Greg Staples		
Defiant Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf	Trample	G	G	Legions	123	common	Pete Venters		
Krosan Vorine	3G	4	Creature ? Cat Beast	"Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)
Krosan Vorine can't be blocked by more than one creature."	G	G	Legions	131	common	Carl Critchlow		
Nantuko Vigilante	3G	4	Creature ? Insect Druid Mutant	"Morph {1}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Nantuko Vigilante is turned face up, destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Legions	132	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Patron of the Wild	G	1	Creature ? Elf	"Morph {2}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Patron of the Wild is turned face up, target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Legions	134	common	Dave Dorman		
Aven Liberator	2WW	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Morph {3}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Aven Liberator is turned face up, target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Scourge	4	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Daru Spiritualist	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever a Cleric creature you control becomes the target of a spell or ability, it gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Scourge	5	common	Dave Dorman		
Dragon Scales	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has vigilance.
When a creature with converted mana cost 6 or greater enters the battlefield, you may return Dragon Scales from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	W	W	Scourge	10	common	Darrell Riche		
Frontline Strategist	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Morph {W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Frontline Strategist is turned face up, prevent all combat damage non-Soldier creatures would deal this turn."	W	W	Scourge	15	common	Christopher Moeller		
Guilty Conscience	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, Guilty Conscience deals that much damage to that creature."	W	W	Scourge	17	common	Christopher Moeller		
Noble Templar	5W	6	Creature ? Human Cleric Soldier	"Vigilance
Plainscycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Scourge	19	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dragon Wings	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Cycling {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When a creature with converted mana cost 6 or greater enters the battlefield, you may return Dragon Wings from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	U	U	Scourge	34	common	Darrell Riche		
Raven Guild Initiate	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	Morph?Return a Bird you control to its owner's hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	U	U	Scourge	46	common	Christopher Moeller		
Scornful Egotist	7U	8	Creature ? Human Wizard	Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	U	U	Scourge	50	common	Jim Nelson		
Shoreline Ranger	5U	6	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Islandcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for an Island card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	U	U	Scourge	51	common	Michael Sutfin		
Death's-Head Buzzard	1BB	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Death's-Head Buzzard dies, all creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Scourge	63	common	Marcelo Vignali		
Dragon Shadow	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
When a creature with converted mana cost 6 or greater enters the battlefield, you may return Dragon Shadow from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	B	B	Scourge	65	common	Kev Walker		
Lingering Death	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the end step of enchanted creature's controller, that player sacrifices that creature."	B	B	Scourge	69	common	Matt Thompson		
Zombie Cutthroat	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	Morph?Pay 5 life. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	B	B	Scourge	81	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Bonethorn Valesk	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a permanent is turned face up, Bonethorn Valesk deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Scourge	82	common	Alan Pollack		
Chartooth Cougar	5R	6	Creature ? Cat Beast	"{R}: Chartooth Cougar gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Mountaincycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Scourge	84	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Rock Jockey	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"You can't cast this spell if you've played a land this turn.
You can't play lands if you've cast Rock Jockey this turn."	R	R	Scourge	101	common	Glen Angus		
Dragon Fangs	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.
When a creature with converted mana cost 6 or greater enters the battlefield, you may return Dragon Fangs from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	G	G	Scourge	117	common	Carl Critchlow		
Krosan Drover	3G	4	Creature ? Elf	Creature spells you cast with converted mana cost 6 or greater cost {2} less to cast.	G	G	Scourge	122	common	Arnie Swekel		
Titanic Bulvox	6GG	8	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Morph {4}{G}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Scourge	129	common	Wayne England		
Treetop Scout	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout	Treetop Scout can't be blocked except by creatures with flying.	G	G	Scourge	130	common	Alan Pollack		
Wirewood Guardian	5GG	7	Creature ? Elf Mutant	"Forestcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	G	G	Scourge	132	common	Mark Tedin		
Woodcloaker	5G	6	Creature ? Elf	"Morph {2}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Woodcloaker is turned face up, target creature gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Scourge	134	common	Jim Nelson		
Benevolent Unicorn	1W	2	Creature ? Unicorn	"If a spell would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage minus 1 to that permanent or player instead."	W	W	Mirage	4	common	David A. Cherry		
Civic Guildmage	W	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn.
{U}, {T}: Put target creature you control on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Mirage	7	common	Andrew Robinson		
Ekundu Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Mirage	13	common	David A. Cherry		
Femeref Healer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Mirage	17	common	Steve Luke		
Femeref Knight	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{W}: Femeref Knight gains vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Mirage	18	common	Tony Roberts		
Femeref Scouts	2W	3	Creature ? Human Scout		W	W	Mirage	19	common	Zak Plucinski		
Mtenda Herder	W	1	Creature ? Human Scout	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Mirage	29	common	Zina Saunders		
Noble Elephant	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant	"Trample; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Mirage	30	common	Tony Roberts		
Ritual of Steel	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Ritual of Steel enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2."	W	W	Mirage	36	common	Mark Poole		
Teremko Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Mirage	43	common	Martin McKenna		
Wall of Resistance	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
At the beginning of each end step, if Wall of Resistance was dealt damage this turn, put a +0/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Mirage	46	common	Harold McNeill		
Ward of Lights	WW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Ward of Lights as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant creature
As Ward of Lights enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Enchanted creature has protection from the chosen color. This effect doesn't remove Ward of Lights."	W	W	Mirage	47	common	Mike Dringenberg		
Zhalfirin Knight	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{W}{W}: Zhalfirin Knight gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Mirage	50	common	John Bolton		
Azimaet Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{U}: Azimaet Drake gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	U	U	Mirage	53	common	Gerry Grace		
Bay Falcon	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, vigilance"	U	U	Mirage	54	common	Una Fricker		
Cloak of Invisibility	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has phasing and can't be blocked except by Walls. (It phases in or out before its controller untaps during each of their untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Mirage	58	common	John Coulthart		
Dream Fighter	2U	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Dream Fighter blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Dream Fighter and that creature phase out. (While they're phased out, they're treated as though they don't exist. Each one phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	63	common	Drew Tucker		
Kukemssa Serpent	3U	4	Creature ? Serpent	"Kukemssa Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
{U}, Sacrifice an Island: Target land an opponent controls becomes an Island until end of turn.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Kukemssa Serpent."	U	U	Mirage	72	common	Ian Miller		
Merfolk Raiders	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Mirage	75	common	Steve Luke		
Merfolk Seer	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Merfolk Seer dies, you may pay {1}{U}. If you do, draw a card."	U	U	Mirage	76	common	Steve Luke		
Sandbar Crocodile	4U	5	Creature ? Crocodile	"Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Mirage	88	common	Una Fricker		
Sea Scryer	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {U}."	U	U	Mirage	90	common	Martin McKenna		
Shaper Guildmage	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.
{B}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	U	W	Mirage	91	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Soar	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Soar as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+1 and has flying."	U	U	Mirage	93	common	Tony Roberts		
Teferi's Curse	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent has phasing. (It phases in or out before its controller untaps during each of their untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Mirage	96	common	Robert Bliss		
Teferi's Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Mirage	97	common	Kari Johnson		
Thirst	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Thirst enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Thirst unless you pay {U}."	U	U	Mirage	99	common	Roger Raupp		
Binding Agony	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature is dealt damage, Binding Agony deals that much damage to that creature's controller."	B	B	Mirage	106	common	Robert Bliss		
Breathstealer	2B	3	Creature ? Nightstalker	{B}: Breathstealer gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Mirage	109	common	Cliff Nielsen		
Cadaverous Knight	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{1}{B}{B}: Regenerate Cadaverous Knight."	B	B	Mirage	110	common	Dermot Power		
Dirtwater Wraith	3B	4	Creature ? Wraith	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{B}: Dirtwater Wraith gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Mirage	117	common	Steve Luke		
Feral Shadow	2B	3	Creature ? Nightstalker	Flying	B	B	Mirage	122	common	Cliff Nielsen		
Fetid Horror	3B	4	Creature ? Shade Horror	{B}: Fetid Horror gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Mirage	123	common	Gary Leach		
Grave Servitude	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Grave Servitude as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/-1 and is black."	B	B	Mirage	126	common	Adrian Smith		
Gravebane Zombie	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"If Gravebane Zombie would die, put Gravebane Zombie on top of its owner's library instead."	B	B	Mirage	127	common	Gary Leach		
Restless Dead	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton	{B}: Regenerate Restless Dead.	B	B	Mirage	138	common	Ian Miller		
Sewer Rats	B	1	Creature ? Rat	"{B}, Pay 1 life: Sewer Rats gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than three times each turn."	B	B	Mirage	139	common	Martin McKenna		
Skulking Ghost	1B	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Skulking Ghost becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	B	B	Mirage	143	common	Robert Bliss		
Urborg Panther	2B	3	Creature ? Nightstalker Cat	"{B}, Sacrifice Urborg Panther: Destroy target creature blocking Urborg Panther.
Sacrifice a creature named Feral Shadow, a creature named Breathstealer, and Urborg Panther: Search your library for a card named Spirit of the Night and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mirage	150	common	Cliff Nielsen		
Wall of Corpses	1B	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{B}, Sacrifice Wall of Corpses: Destroy target creature Wall of Corpses is blocking."	B	B	Mirage	151	common	Gary Leach		
Agility	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flanking. (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Mirage	154	common	Drew Tucker		
Armorer Guildmage	R	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{B}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	156	common	Martin McKenna		
Blistering Barrier	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	R	R	Mirage	159	common	David Ho		
Burning Shield Askari	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{R}{R}: Burning Shield Askari gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	162	common	Dan Frazier		
Dwarven Nomad	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf Nomad	{T}: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn.	R	R	Mirage	170	common	Mike Kimble		
Ekundu Cyclops	3R	4	Creature ? Cyclops	"If a creature you control attacks, Ekundu Cyclops also attacks if able."	R	R	Mirage	171	common	Robert Bliss		
Goblin Tinkerer	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"{R}, {T}: Destroy target artifact. That artifact deals damage equal to its converted mana cost to Goblin Tinkerer."	R	R	Mirage	180	common	Hannibal King		
Lightning Reflexes	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Lightning Reflexes as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has first strike."	R	R	Mirage	186	common	Tom Kyffin		
Pyric Salamander	1R	2	Creature ? Salamander	{R}: Pyric Salamander gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Sacrifice Pyric Salamander at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Mirage	187	common	Tony Roberts		
Raging Spirit	3R	4	Creature ? Spirit	{2}: Raging Spirit becomes colorless until end of turn.	R	R	Mirage	188	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Searing Spear Askari	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{1}{R}: Searing Spear Askari gains menace until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Mirage	191	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Talruum Minotaur	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Berserker	Haste	R	R	Mirage	196	common	Pete Venters		
Viashino Warrior	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino Warrior		R	R	Mirage	200	common	Roger Raupp		
Armor of Thorns	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Armor of Thorns as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant nonblack creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	G	G	Mirage	206	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Crash of Rhinos	6GG	8	Creature ? Rhino	Trample	G	G	Mirage	210	common	Steve White		
Gibbering Hyenas	2G	3	Creature ? Hyena	Gibbering Hyenas can't block black creatures.	G	G	Mirage	219	common	Una Fricker		
Granger Guildmage	G	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{R}, {T}: Granger Guildmage deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to you.
{W}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	G	W	Mirage	220	common	Dan Frazier		
Jolrael's Centaur	1GG	3	Creature ? Centaur Archer	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	G	G	Mirage	222	common	Junior Tomlin		
Jungle Wurm	3GG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Jungle Wurm becomes blocked, it gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first."	G	G	Mirage	224	common	Tom Kyffin		
Mtenda Lion	G	1	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Mtenda Lion attacks, defending player may pay {U}. If that player does, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by Mtenda Lion this turn."	G	U	Mirage	230	common	Stuart Griffin		
Quirion Elves	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"As Quirion Elves enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}: Add one mana of the chosen color."	G	G	Mirage	234	common	Randy Gallegos		
Sabertooth Cobra	2G	3	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Sabertooth Cobra deals damage to a player, that player gets a poison counter. The player gets another poison counter at the beginning of their next upkeep unless they pay {2} before that step. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	G	G	Mirage	238	common	Andrew Robinson		
Uktabi Faerie	1G	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
{3}{G}, Sacrifice Uktabi Faerie: Destroy target artifact."	G	G	Mirage	247	common	Junior Tomlin		
Village Elder	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a Forest: Regenerate target creature."	G	G	Mirage	251	common	Donato Giancola		
Wild Elephant	3G	4	Creature ? Elephant	Trample	G	G	Mirage	254	common	Junior Tomlin		
Freewind Falcon	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, protection from red"	W	W	Visions	5	common	Una Fricker		
Jamuraan Lion	2W	3	Creature ? Cat	"{W}, {T}: Target creature can't block this turn."	W	W	Visions	10	common	Stuart Griffin		
Knight of Valor	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{1}{W}: Each creature without flanking blocking Knight of Valor gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	W	W	Visions	11	common	Jeff Miracola		
Resistance Fighter	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	Sacrifice Resistance Fighter: Prevent all combat damage target creature would deal this turn.	W	W	Visions	18	common	Cecil Fernando		
Sun Clasp	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3.
{W}: Return enchanted creature to its owner's hand."	W	W	Visions	21	common	John Coulthart		
Betrayal	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature an opponent controls
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, you draw a card."	U	U	Visions	26	common	Gary Leach		
Breezekeeper	3U	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Visions	27	common	Adam Rex		
Knight of the Mists	2U	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
When Knight of the Mists enters the battlefield, you may pay {U}. If you don't, destroy target Knight and it can't be regenerated."	U	U	Visions	36	common	Harold McNeill		
Mystic Veil	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Mystic Veil as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Visions	38	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Shrieking Drake	U	1	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Shrieking Drake enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Visions	43	common	Ian Miller		
Vanishing	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{U}{U}: Enchanted creature phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Visions	48	common	John Matson		
Dark Privilege	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate enchanted creature."	B	B	Visions	56	common	Tom Kyffin		
Death Watch	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, its controller loses life equal to its power and you gain life equal to its toughness."	B	B	Visions	57	common	Brian Horton		
Fallen Askari	1B	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Fallen Askari can't block."	B	B	Visions	59	common	Adrian Smith		
Python	1BB	3	Creature ? Snake		B	B	Visions	68	common	Steve White		
Tar Pit Warrior	2B	3	Creature ? Cyclops Warrior	"When Tar Pit Warrior becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	B	B	Visions	70	common	George Pratt		
Urborg Mindsucker	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"{B}, Sacrifice Urborg Mindsucker: Target opponent discards a card at random. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Visions	71	common	DiTerlizzi		
Wake of Vultures	3B	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{1}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Wake of Vultures."	B	B	Visions	74	common	Jeff Miracola		
Dwarven Vigilantes	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf	"Whenever Dwarven Vigilantes attacks and isn't blocked, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature. If you do, Dwarven Vigilantes assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Visions	77	common	Pete Venters		
Goblin Swine-Rider	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Goblin Swine-Rider becomes blocked, it deals 2 damage to each attacking creature and each blocking creature."	R	R	Visions	81	common	Geofrey Darrow & I. Rabarot		
Keeper of Kookus	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	{R}: Keeper of Kookus gains protection from red until end of turn.	R	R	Visions	85	common	Scott Hampton		
Raging Gorilla	2R	3	Creature ? Ape	"Whenever Raging Gorilla blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	Visions	90	common	Tom Kyffin		
Talruum Champion	4R	5	Creature ? Minotaur	"First strike
Whenever Talruum Champion blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, that creature loses first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Visions	97	common	Pete Venters		
Bull Elephant	3G	4	Creature ? Elephant	"When Bull Elephant enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return two Forests you control to their owner's hand."	G	G	Visions	101	common	Steve White		
Giant Caterpillar	3G	4	Creature ? Insect	"{G}, Sacrifice Giant Caterpillar: Create a 1/1 green Insect creature token with flying named Butterfly at the beginning of the next end step."	G	G	Visions	108	common	Zina Saunders		
Mortal Wound	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature is dealt damage, destroy it."	G	G	Visions	113	common	Kev Walker		
Panther Warriors	4G	5	Creature ? Cat Warrior		G	G	Visions	115	common	Cecil Fernando		
Quirion Ranger	G	1	Creature ? Elf	Return a Forest you control to its owner's hand: Untap target creature. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Visions	117	common	Tom Kyffin		
Spider Climb	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Spider Climb as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+3 and has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Visions	120	common	Ron Spencer		
Warthog	1GG	3	Creature ? Boar	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Visions	124	common	Steve White		
Phyrexian Walker	0	0	Artifact Creature ? Construct				Visions	152	common	Bryan Talbot		
Sisay's Ring	4	4	Artifact	{T}: Add {C}{C}.			Visions	154	common	Donato Giancola		
Benalish Infantry	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Weatherlight	8	common	Dan Frazier		
Benalish Missionary	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{W}, {T}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target blocked creature this turn."	W	W	Weatherlight	10	common	Pete Venters		
Duskrider Falcon	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, protection from black"	W	W	Weatherlight	12	common	Cecil Fernando		
Empyrial Armor	1WW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand."	W	W	Weatherlight	13	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Heavy Ballista	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Heavy Ballista deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Weatherlight	17	common	Ron Spencer		
Kithkin Armor	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.
Sacrifice Kithkin Armor: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to enchanted creature this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Weatherlight	19	common	Charles Gillespie		
Soul Shepherd	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: You gain 1 life."	W	W	Weatherlight	26	common	John Coulthart		
Apathy	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player may discard a card at random. If the player does, untap that creature."	U	U	Weatherlight	33	common	Phil Foglio		
Mana Chains	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Cumulative upkeep {1}."" (At the beginning of its controller's upkeep, that player puts an age counter on it, then sacrifices it unless they pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Weatherlight	41	common	Bryan Talbot		
Manta Ray	1UU	3	Creature ? Fish	"Manta Ray can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
Manta Ray can't be blocked except by blue creatures.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Manta Ray."	U	U	Weatherlight	42	common	Una Fricker		
Merfolk Traders	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Merfolk Traders enters the battlefield, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Weatherlight	43	common	DiTerlizzi		
Ophidian	2U	3	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Ophidian attacks and isn't blocked, you may draw a card. If you do, Ophidian assigns no combat damage this turn."	U	U	Weatherlight	45	common	Cliff Nielsen		
Tolarian Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Weatherlight	55	common	Mark Harrison		
Abyssal Gatekeeper	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	"When Abyssal Gatekeeper dies, each player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Weatherlight	59	common	Mark Tedin		
Barrow Ghoul	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Barrow Ghoul unless you exile the top creature card of your graveyard."	B	B	Weatherlight	61	common	Bryan Talbot		
Coils of the Medusa	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/-1.
Sacrifice Coils of the Medusa: Destroy all non-Wall creatures blocking enchanted creature."	B	B	Weatherlight	65	common	Darbury Stenderu		
Fledgling Djinn	1B	2	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, Fledgling Djinn deals 1 damage to you."	B	B	Weatherlight	69	common	Thomas Gianni		
Shadow Rider	2BB	4	Creature ? Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Weatherlight	79	common	Pete Venters		
Zombie Scavengers	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Exile the top creature card of your graveyard: Regenerate Zombie Scavengers.	B	B	Weatherlight	87	common	Patrick Kochakji		
Betrothed of Fire	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Sacrifice an untapped creature: Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
Sacrifice enchanted creature: Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Weatherlight	89	common	Clint Langley		
Dwarven Berserker	1R	2	Creature ? Dwarf Berserker	"Whenever Dwarven Berserker becomes blocked, it gets +3/+0 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Weatherlight	97	common	Douglas Shuler		
Goblin Vandal	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Whenever Goblin Vandal attacks and isn't blocked, you may pay {R}. If you do, destroy target artifact defending player controls and Goblin Vandal assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Weatherlight	105	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Sawtooth Ogre	2RR	4	Creature ? Ogre	"Whenever Sawtooth Ogre blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Sawtooth Ogre deals 1 damage to that creature at end of combat."	R	R	Weatherlight	114	common	Brom		
Briar Shield	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Sacrifice Briar Shield: Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Weatherlight	121	common	Scott Kirschner		
Harvest Wurm	1G	2	Creature ? Wurm	"When Harvest Wurm enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return a basic land card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Weatherlight	130	common	Stephen L. Walsh		
Llanowar Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}, Sacrifice Llanowar Druid: Untap all Forests."	G	G	Weatherlight	133	common	Pete Venters		
Nature's Kiss	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}, Exile the top card of your graveyard: Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Weatherlight	136	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Rogue Elephant	G	1	Creature ? Elephant	"When Rogue Elephant enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice a Forest."	G	G	Weatherlight	139	common	Steve White		
Striped Bears	3G	4	Creature ? Bear	"When Striped Bears enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Weatherlight	140	common	Una Fricker		
Uktabi Efreet	2GG	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Cumulative upkeep {G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	G	G	Weatherlight	143	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Jangling Automaton	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Jangling Automaton attacks, untap all creatures defending player controls."			Weatherlight	151	common	Adam Rex		
Advance Scout	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Scout	"First strike
{W}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Tempest	1	common	Heather Hudson		
Clergy en-Vec	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Tempest	14	common	Heather Hudson		
Cloudchaser Eagle	3W	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Cloudchaser Eagle enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Tempest	15	common	Una Fricker		
Hero's Resolve	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+5."	W	W	Tempest	23	common	Pete Venters		
Mounted Archers	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{W}: Mounted Archers can block an additional creature this turn."	W	W	Tempest	30	common	Kev Walker		
Soltari Foot Soldier	W	1	Creature ? Soltari Soldier	Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	W	W	Tempest	43	common	Janet Aulisio		
Soltari Lancer	2W	3	Creature ? Soltari Knight	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Soltari Lancer has first strike as long as it's attacking."	W	W	Tempest	44	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Soltari Trooper	1W	2	Creature ? Soltari Soldier	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Soltari Trooper attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Tempest	47	common	Kev Walker		
Talon Sliver	1W	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have first strike.	W	W	Tempest	50	common	Mike Raabe		
Giant Crab	4U	5	Creature ? Crab	{U}: Giant Crab gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	U	U	Tempest	66	common	Tom Kyffin		
Manta Riders	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk	{U}: Manta Riders gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Tempest	74	common	Kaja Foglio		
Rootwater Hunter	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk	{T}: Rootwater Hunter deals 1 damage to any target.	U	U	Tempest	82	common	Brom		
Thalakos Mistfolk	2U	3	Creature ? Thalakos Illusion	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{U}: Put Thalakos Mistfolk on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Tempest	93	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Thalakos Seer	UU	2	Creature ? Thalakos Wizard	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
When Thalakos Seer leaves the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Tempest	94	common	Ron Spencer		
Thalakos Sentry	1U	2	Creature ? Thalakos Soldier	Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	U	U	Tempest	95	common	Andrew Robinson		
Volrath's Curse	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated. That creature's controller may sacrifice a permanent for that player to ignore this effect until end of turn.
{1}{U}: Return Volrath's Curse to its owner's hand."	U	U	Tempest	101	common	Daren Bader		
Winged Sliver	1U	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have flying.	U	U	Tempest	106	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Blood Pet	B	1	Creature ? Thrull	Sacrifice Blood Pet: Add {B}.	B	B	Tempest	109	common	Brom		
Clot Sliver	1B	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{2}: Regenerate this permanent."""	B	B	Tempest	112	common	Jeff Laubenstein		
Darkling Stalker	3B	4	Creature ? Shade Spirit	"{B}: Regenerate Darkling Stalker.
{B}: Darkling Stalker gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Tempest	119	common	Susan Van Camp		
Dauthi Horror	1B	2	Creature ? Dauthi Horror	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Dauthi Horror can't be blocked by white creatures."	B	B	Tempest	122	common	Jeff Laubenstein		
Dauthi Marauder	2B	3	Creature ? Dauthi Minion	Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	B	B	Tempest	123	common	Andrew Robinson		
Endless Scream	XB	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Endless Scream enters the battlefield with X scream counters on it.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 for each scream counter on Endless Scream."	B	B	Tempest	132	common	Joel Biske		
Marsh Lurker	3B	4	Creature ? Beast	Sacrifice a Swamp: Marsh Lurker gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Tempest	144	common	Tom Kyffin		
Pit Imp	B	1	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{B}: Pit Imp gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than twice each turn."	B	B	Tempest	148	common	Phil Foglio		
Rats of Rath	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"{B}: Destroy target artifact, creature, or land you control."	B	B	Tempest	150	common	John Matson		
Sadistic Glee	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever a creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature."	B	B	Tempest	153	common	Pete Venters		
Servant of Volrath	2B	3	Creature ? Minion	"When Servant of Volrath leaves the battlefield, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Tempest	156	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Spinal Graft	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
When enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Tempest	159	common	Ron Spencer		
Crown of Flames	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{R}: Return Crown of Flames to its owner's hand."	R	R	Tempest	169	common	William O'Connor		
Fireslinger	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Fireslinger deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to you.	R	R	Tempest	173	common	Jeff Reitz		
Flowstone Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant	{R}: Flowstone Giant gets +2/-2 until end of turn.	R	R	Tempest	174	common	Joel Biske		
Heart Sliver	1R	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have haste.	R	R	Tempest	182	common	Ron Spencer		
Lowland Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant		R	R	Tempest	187	common	Paolo Parente		
Mogg Conscripts	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	Mogg Conscripts can't attack unless you've cast a creature spell this turn.	R	R	Tempest	189	common	Pete Venters		
Mogg Raider	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	Sacrifice a Goblin: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	R	R	Tempest	191	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Wall of Diffusion	1R	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Wall of Diffusion can block creatures with shadow as though Wall of Diffusion had shadow."	R	R	Tempest	211	common	DiTerlizzi		
Bayou Dragonfly	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	Flying; swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Tempest	215	common	DiTerlizzi		
Frog Tongue	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Frog Tongue enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Tempest	228	common	Phil Foglio		
Heartwood Dryad	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	Heartwood Dryad can block creatures with shadow as though Heartwood Dryad had shadow.	G	G	Tempest	231	common	Rebecca Guay		
Muscle Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +1/+1.	G	G	Tempest	238	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Seeker of Skybreak	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	{T}: Untap target creature.	G	G	Tempest	254	common	Daren Bader		
Skyshroud Elf	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add {G}.
{1}: Add {R} or {W}."	G	W	Tempest	255	common	Jeff Miracola		
Skyshroud Troll	2GG	4	Creature ? Troll Giant	{1}{G}: Regenerate Skyshroud Troll.	G	G	Tempest	257	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Spike Drone	G	1	Creature ? Spike Drone	"Spike Drone enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Drone: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Tempest	258	common	Charles Gillespie		
Coiled Tinviper	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Snake	First strike			Tempest	279	common	John Matson		
Manakin	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: Add {C}.			Tempest	296	common	Scott Kirschner		
Metallic Sliver	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Sliver				Tempest	297	common	Allen Williams		
Squee's Toy	1	1	Artifact	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.			Tempest	309	common	Heather Hudson		
Nomads en-Kor	W	1	Creature ? Kor Nomad Soldier	{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Nomads en-Kor this turn is dealt to target creature you control instead.	W	W	Stronghold	9	common	Val Mayerik		
Samite Blessing	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to target creature this turn, prevent that damage."""	W	W	Stronghold	13	common	Rebecca Guay		
Skyshroud Falcon	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Stronghold	16	common	Mike Raabe		
Spirit en-Kor	3W	4	Creature ? Kor Spirit	"Flying
{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Spirit en-Kor this turn is dealt to target creature you control instead."	W	W	Stronghold	19	common	John Matson		
Contempt	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature attacks, return it and Contempt to their owners' hands at end of combat."	U	U	Stronghold	27	common	Val Mayerik		
Hammerhead Shark	1U	2	Creature ? Fish	Hammerhead Shark can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Stronghold	32	common	Stephen Daniele		
Spindrift Drake	U	1	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Spindrift Drake unless you pay {U}."	U	U	Stronghold	44	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Tidal Warrior	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	{T}: Target land becomes an Island until end of turn.	U	U	Stronghold	47	common	Daren Bader		
Dungeon Shade	3B	4	Creature ? Shade Spirit	"Flying
{B}: Dungeon Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Stronghold	58	common	Jason Alexander Behnke		
Morgue Thrull	2B	3	Creature ? Thrull	Sacrifice Morgue Thrull: Put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.	B	B	Stronghold	65	common	Robert Bliss		
Rabid Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	{T}: Target blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Stronghold	67	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Torment	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -3/-0."	B	B	Stronghold	73	common	Paolo Parente		
Flowstone Blade	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	R	R	Stronghold	83	common	Allen Williams		
Furnace Spirit	2R	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
{R}: Furnace Spirit gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Stronghold	87	common	Jeff Miracola		
Mogg Bombers	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"When another creature enters the battlefield, sacrifice Mogg Bombers and it deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Stronghold	91	common	Dermot Power		
Endangered Armodon	2GG	4	Creature ? Elephant	"When you control a creature with toughness 2 or less, sacrifice Endangered Armodon."	G	G	Stronghold	107	common	Kev Walker		
Lowland Basilisk	2G	3	Creature ? Basilisk	"Whenever Lowland Basilisk deals damage to a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Stronghold	109	common	Randy Gallegos		
Skyshroud Archer	G	1	Creature ? Elf Archer	{T}: Target creature with flying gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	G	G	Stronghold	114	common	Jeff Miracola		
Skyshroud Troopers	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Druid Warrior	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Stronghold	115	common	DiTerlizzi		
Spike Colony	4G	5	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Colony enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Colony: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Stronghold	117	common	Douglas Shuler		
Spike Worker	2G	3	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Worker enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Worker: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Stronghold	120	common	Daniel Gelon		
Shackles	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
{W}: Return Shackles to its owner's hand."	W	W	Exodus	18	common	Heather Hudson		
Shield Mate	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	Sacrifice Shield Mate: Target creature gets +0/+4 until end of turn.	W	W	Exodus	19	common	Randy Elliott		
Soltari Visionary	1WW	3	Creature ? Soltari Cleric	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Soltari Visionary deals damage to a player, destroy target enchantment that player controls."	W	W	Exodus	20	common	Adam Rex		
Welkin Hawk	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Welkin Hawk dies, you may search your library for a card named Welkin Hawk, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Exodus	25	common	Rob Alexander		
Cunning	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
When enchanted creature attacks or blocks, sacrifice Cunning at the beginning of the next cleanup step."	U	U	Exodus	28	common	Kev Walker		
Rootwater Mystic	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{1}{U}: Look at the top card of target player's library.	U	U	Exodus	44	common	Michael Sutfin		
School of Piranha	1U	2	Creature ? Fish	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice School of Piranha unless you pay {1}{U}."	U	U	Exodus	45	common	Daren Bader		
Thalakos Scout	2U	3	Creature ? Thalakos Soldier Scout	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Discard a card: Return Thalakos Scout to its owner's hand."	U	U	Exodus	48	common	Daren Bader		
Wayward Soul	2UU	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{U}: Put Wayward Soul on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Exodus	51	common	M. W. Kaluta & DiTerlizzi		
Whiptongue Frog	2U	3	Creature ? Frog	{U}: Whiptongue Frog gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Exodus	52	common	Jeff Miracola		
Carnophage	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, tap Carnophage unless you pay 1 life."	B	B	Exodus	53	common	Pete Venters		
Cat Burglar	3B	4	Creature ? Kor Rogue Minion	"{2}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Exodus	54	common	DiTerlizzi		
Cursed Flesh	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 and has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Exodus	56	common	Ron Spencer		
Dauthi Jackal	2B	3	Creature ? Dauthi Jackal	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{B}{B}, Sacrifice Dauthi Jackal: Destroy target blocking creature."	B	B	Exodus	58	common	Adam Rex		
Grollub	2B	3	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Grollub is dealt damage, each opponent gains that much life."	B	B	Exodus	63	common	Chippy		
Vampire Hounds	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Hound	Discard a creature card: Vampire Hounds gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Exodus	77	common	Kev Walker		
Cinder Crawler	1R	2	Creature ? Salamander	{R}: Cinder Crawler gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if Cinder Crawler is blocked.	R	R	Exodus	80	common	Jim Nelson		
Dizzying Gaze	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
{R}: Enchanted creature deals 1 damage to target creature with flying."	R	R	Exodus	81	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Furnace Brood	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	{R}: Target creature can't be regenerated this turn.	R	R	Exodus	84	common	Jeff Miracola		
Mage il-Vec	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Discard a card at random: Mage il-Vec deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Exodus	86	common	John Matson		
Reckless Ogre	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre	"Whenever Reckless Ogre attacks alone, it gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Exodus	98	common	Paolo Parente		
Avenging Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever Avenging Druid deals damage to an opponent, you may reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a land card. If you do, put that card onto the battlefield and put all other cards revealed this way into your graveyard."	G	G	Exodus	105	common	Daren Bader		
Bequeathal	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, you draw two cards."	G	G	Exodus	106	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Jackalope Herd	3G	4	Creature ? Rabbit Beast	"When you cast a spell, return Jackalope Herd to its owner's hand."	G	G	Exodus	111	common	Ron Spencer		
Plated Rootwalla	4G	5	Creature ? Lizard	{2}{G}: Plated Rootwalla gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Exodus	116	common	Randy Elliott		
Predatory Hunger	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever an opponent casts a creature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature."	G	G	Exodus	117	common	Brom		
Pygmy Troll	1G	2	Creature ? Troll	"Whenever Pygmy Troll becomes blocked by a creature, Pygmy Troll gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{G}: Regenerate Pygmy Troll."	G	G	Exodus	118	common	Daniel Gelon		
Rabid Wolverines	3GG	5	Creature ? Wolverine	"Whenever Rabid Wolverines becomes blocked by a creature, Rabid Wolverines gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Exodus	119	common	Daren Bader		
Rootwater Alligator	3G	4	Creature ? Crocodile	Sacrifice a Forest: Regenerate Rootwater Alligator.	G	G	Exodus	122	common	Stephen Daniele		
Brilliant Halo	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2.
When Brilliant Halo is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Brilliant Halo to its owner's hand."	W	W	Urza's Saga	5	common	Randy Gallegos		
Disciple of Grace	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from black
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	10	common	Robh Ruppel		
Disciple of Law	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from red
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	11	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Monk Realist	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk Cleric	"When Monk Realist enters the battlefield, destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Urza's Saga	21	common	Daren Bader		
Sanctum Custodian	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Urza's Saga	42	common	Paolo Parente		
Serra Zealot	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	First strike	W	W	Urza's Saga	46	common	DiTerlizzi		
Silent Attendant	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: You gain 1 life.	W	W	Urza's Saga	51	common	Rebecca Guay		
Cloak of Mists	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked."	U	U	Urza's Saga	65	common	John Matson		
Disruptive Student	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.	U	U	Urza's Saga	69	common	Randy Gallegos		
Hermetic Study	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	U	U	Urza's Saga	78	common	Ron Spencer		
Launch	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
When Launch is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Launch to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Saga	82	common	Val Mayerik		
Pendrell Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	86	common	Jeff Miracola		
Pendrell Flux	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature unless you pay its mana cost."""	U	U	Urza's Saga	87	common	Andrew Robinson		
Power Taint	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant enchantment
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted enchantment's controller, that player loses 2 life unless they pay {2}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	90	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Sandbar Merfolk	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk	"Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	94	common	rk post		
Spire Owl	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Spire Owl enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Urza's Saga	98	common	Steve Firchow		
Wizard Mentor	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Return Wizard Mentor and target creature you control to their owner's hand.	U	U	Urza's Saga	112	common	Jeff Miracola		
Blood Vassal	2B	3	Creature ? Thrull	Sacrifice Blood Vassal: Add {B}{B}.	B	B	Urza's Saga	118	common	Chippy		
Cackling Fiend	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Cackling Fiend enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Urza's Saga	121	common	Brian Despain		
Carrion Beetles	B	1	Creature ? Insect	"{2}{B}, {T}: Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard."	B	B	Urza's Saga	122	common	Ron Spencer		
Despondency	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-0.
When Despondency is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Despondency to its owner's hand."	B	B	Urza's Saga	129	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Phyrexian Ghoul	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Sacrifice a creature: Phyrexian Ghoul gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Urza's Saga	148	common	Pete Venters		
Ravenous Skirge	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Whenever Ravenous Skirge attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Saga	152	common	Ron Spencer		
Sicken	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Urza's Saga	156	common	Heather Hudson		
Skittering Skirge	BB	2	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
When you cast a creature spell, sacrifice Skittering Skirge."	B	B	Urza's Saga	158	common	Ron Spencer		
Unworthy Dead	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton	{B}: Regenerate Unworthy Dead.	B	B	Urza's Saga	163	common	Carl Critchlow		
Bravado	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control."	R	R	Urza's Saga	177	common	Jerry Tiritilli		
Dromosaur	2R	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Whenever Dromosaur blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	Urza's Saga	182	common	Ciruelo		
Fiery Mantle	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
When Fiery Mantle is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Fiery Mantle to its owner's hand."	R	R	Urza's Saga	186	common	Bob Eggleton		
Goblin Patrol	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Echo {R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	193	common	Greg Staples		
Goblin War Buggy	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Haste
Echo {1}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	196	common	DiTerlizzi		
Retromancer	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"Whenever Retromancer becomes the target of a spell or ability, Retromancer deals 3 damage to that spell or ability's controller."	R	R	Urza's Saga	209	common	Robh Ruppel		
Viashino Outrider	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino	"Echo {2}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	223	common	Ciruelo		
Viashino Weaponsmith	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino	"Whenever Viashino Weaponsmith becomes blocked by a creature, Viashino Weaponsmith gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Urza's Saga	226	common	Dermot Power		
Acridian	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	"Echo {1}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	230	common	rk post		
Argothian Swine	3G	4	Creature ? Boar	Trample	G	G	Urza's Saga	235	common	Randy Elliott		
Blanchwood Treefolk	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk		G	G	Urza's Saga	238	common	DiTerlizzi		
Cave Tiger	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Cave Tiger becomes blocked by a creature, Cave Tiger gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Urza's Saga	241	common	Hannibal King		
Elvish Herder	G	1	Creature ? Elf	{G}: Target creature gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Urza's Saga	247	common	Tom Fleming		
Fortitude	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Sacrifice a Forest: Regenerate enchanted creature.
When Fortitude is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Fortitude to its owner's hand."	G	G	Urza's Saga	253	common	Daren Bader		
Pouncing Jaguar	G	1	Creature ? Cat	"Echo {G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	269	common	Daren Bader		
Priest of Titania	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G} for each Elf on the battlefield.	G	G	Urza's Saga	270	common	Rebecca Guay		
Treetop Rangers	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	Treetop Rangers can't be blocked except by creatures with flying.	G	G	Urza's Saga	279	common	Daren Bader		
Venomous Fangs	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to a creature, destroy the other creature."	G	G	Urza's Saga	280	common	Lawrence Snelly		
Wild Dogs	G	1	Creature ? Hound	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if a player has more life than each other player, the player with the most life gains control of Wild Dogs.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	284	common	Terese Nielsen		
Winding Wurm	4G	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Echo {4}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	285	common	DiTerlizzi		
Drifting Meadow		0	Land	"Drifting Meadow enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		W	Urza's Saga	320	common	Bob Eggleton		
Polluted Mire		0	Land	"Polluted Mire enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		B	Urza's Saga	323	common	Stephen Daniele		
Remote Isle		0	Land	"Remote Isle enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		U	Urza's Saga	324	common	Ciruelo		
Slippery Karst		0	Land	"Slippery Karst enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		G	Urza's Saga	327	common	Stephen Daniele		
Smoldering Crater		0	Land	"Smoldering Crater enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		R	Urza's Saga	328	common	Mark Tedin		
Redwood Treefolk	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk		G	G	Weatherlight	138	common	Phil Foglio		
Armored Pegasus	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	Flying	W	W	Tempest	5	common	Una Fricker		
Gaseous Form	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by enchanted creature."	U	U	Tempest	65	common	Roger Raupp		
Giant Strength	RR	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	R	R	Tempest	178	common	Pete Venters		
Cloud Spirit	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Cloud Spirit can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Stronghold	26	common	Randy Gallegos		
Craven Giant	2R	3	Creature ? Giant	Craven Giant can't block.	R	R	Stronghold	78	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Charging Paladin	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Charging Paladin attacks, it gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Exodus	4	common	Ciruelo		
Gorilla Warrior	2G	3	Creature ? Ape Warrior		G	G	Urza's Saga	256	common	Steve White		
Deadly Insect	4G	5	Creature ? Insect	Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Mercadian Masques	238	common	Randy Gallegos		
Phantasmal Terrain	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
As Phantasmal Terrain enters the battlefield, choose a basic land type.
Enchanted land is the chosen type."	U	U	Invasion	65	common	Dana Knutson		
Scrivener	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Scrivener enters the battlefield, you may return target instant card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Odyssey	100	common	Kev Walker		
Cartographer	2G	3	Creature ? Human	"When Cartographer enters the battlefield, you may return target land card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Odyssey	232	common	Donato Giancola		
Taunting Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf	All creatures able to block Taunting Elf do so.	G	G	Onslaught	290	common	Rebecca Guay		
Cephalid Looter	2U	3	Creature ? Cephalid Rogue	"{T}: Target player draws a card, then discards a card."	U	U	Odyssey	72	common	Keith Garletts		
Mana Prism	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Mirage	308	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Mistmoon Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
When Mistmoon Griffin dies, exile Mistmoon Griffin, then return the top creature card of your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Weatherlight	21	uncommon	David A. Cherry		
Armor Sliver	2W	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have ""{2}: This creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn."""	W	W	Tempest	4	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Soltari Emissary	1W	2	Creature ? Soltari Soldier	{W}: Soltari Emissary gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	W	W	Tempest	42	rare	Adam Rex		
Mnemonic Sliver	2U	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{2}, Sacrifice this permanent: Draw a card."""	U	U	Tempest	77	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Dauthi Mercenary	2B	3	Creature ? Dauthi Knight Mercenary	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{1}{B}: Dauthi Mercenary gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Tempest	124	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Barbed Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have ""{2}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Tempest	163	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Jackal Pup	R	1	Creature ? Jackal	"Whenever Jackal Pup is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to you."	R	R	Tempest	183	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Horned Sliver	2G	3	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures have trample.	G	G	Tempest	234	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Patchwork Gnomes	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Gnome	Discard a card: Regenerate Patchwork Gnomes.			Tempest	299	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Telethopter	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	Tap an untapped creature you control: Telethopter gains flying until end of turn.			Tempest	311	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Killer Whale	3UU	5	Creature ? Whale	{U}: Killer Whale gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Exodus	37	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Skyshaper	2	2	Artifact	Sacrifice Skyshaper: Creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.			Exodus	137	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Monk Idealist	2W	3	Creature ? Human Monk Cleric	"When Monk Idealist enters the battlefield, return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Urza's Saga	20	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Skirge Familiar	4B	5	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Discard a card: Add {B}."	B	B	Urza's Saga	157	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Sustainer of the Realm	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Sustainer of the Realm blocks, it gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	23	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Riptide Crab	1WU	3	Creature ? Crab	"Vigilance
When Riptide Crab dies, draw a card."	W	W	Invasion	266	uncommon	David Martin		
Urborg Drake	1UB	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Urborg Drake attacks each combat if able."	U	U	Invasion	283	uncommon	Sam Wood		
Ivy Elemental	XG	1	Creature ? Elemental	Ivy Elemental enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.	G	G	Odyssey	245	rare	Ron Spencer		
Cephalid Sage	3U	4	Creature ? Cephalid	"Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Cephalid Sage has ""When Cephalid Sage enters the battlefield, draw three cards, then discard two cards."""	U	U	Torment	29	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Stupefying Touch	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Stupefying Touch enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature's activated abilities can't be activated."	U	U	Torment	48	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Arrogant Wurm	3GG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
Madness {2}{G} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Torment	120	uncommon	John Avon		
Elephant Guide	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
When enchanted creature dies, create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token."	G	G	Judgment	111	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Prowling Pangolin	3BB	5	Creature ? Pangolin Beast	"When Prowling Pangolin enters the battlefield, any player may sacrifice two creatures. If a player does, sacrifice Prowling Pangolin."	B	B	Onslaught	163	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Avarax	3RR	5	Creature ? Beast	"Haste
When Avarax enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Avarax, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.
{1}{R}: Avarax gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Onslaught	187	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Elvish Vanguard	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever another Elf enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Elvish Vanguard."	G	G	Onslaught	259	rare	Glen Angus		
Skirk Drill Sergeant	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Skirk Drill Sergeant or another Goblin dies, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a Goblin permanent card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard."	R	R	Legions	112	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Elvish Aberration	5G	6	Creature ? Elf Mutant	"{T}: Add {G}{G}{G}.
Forestcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Forest card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	G	G	Scourge	118	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Peregrine Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Peregrine Drake enters the battlefield, untap up to five lands."	U	U	Urza's Saga	88	uncommon	Bob Eggleton		
Cloud of Faeries	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
When Cloud of Faeries enters the battlefield, untap up to two lands.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Legacy	29	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Celestial Dawn	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Lands you control are Plains.
Nonland permanents you control are white. The same is true for spells you control and nonland cards you own that aren't on the battlefield.
You may spend white mana as though it were mana of any color. You may spend other mana only as though it were colorless mana."	W	W	Mirage	6	rare	Liz Danforth		
Sacred Mesa	2W	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Sacred Mesa unless you sacrifice a Pegasus.
{1}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Pegasus creature token with flying."	W	W	Mirage	37	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Sunweb	3W	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
Sunweb can't block creatures with power 2 or less."	W	W	Mirage	42	rare	Dan Frazier		
Daring Apprentice	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Sacrifice Daring Apprentice: Counter target spell."	U	U	Mirage	60	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Hammer of Bogardan	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Hammer of Bogardan deals 3 damage to any target.
{2}{R}{R}{R}: Return Hammer of Bogardan from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	R	R	Mirage	181	rare	Ron Spencer		
Early Harvest	1GG	3	Instant	Target player untaps all basic lands they control.	G	G	Mirage	213	rare	Janine Johnston		
Maro	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental	Maro's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.	G	G	Mirage	228	rare	Stuart Griffin		
Grinning Totem	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Grinning Totem: Search target opponent's library for a card and exile it. Then that player shuffles their library. Until the beginning of your next upkeep, you may play that card. At the beginning of your next upkeep, if you haven't played it, put it into its owner's graveyard."			Mirage	303	rare	Donato Giancola		
Relentless Assault	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase."	R	R	Visions	91	rare	Geofrey Darrow & I. Rabarot		
Teferi's Puzzle Box	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player puts the cards in their hand on the bottom of their library in any order, then draws that many cards."			Visions	156	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Fervor	2R	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control have haste. (They can attack and {T} as soon as they come under your control.)	R	R	Weatherlight	99	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Thundermare	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental Horse	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
When Thundermare enters the battlefield, tap all other creatures."	R	R	Weatherlight	116	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Call of the Wild	2GG	4	Enchantment	"{2}{G}{G}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard."	G	G	Weatherlight	122	rare	Brom		
Auratog	1W	2	Creature ? Atog	Sacrifice an enchantment: Auratog gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Tempest	6	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Marble Titan	3W	4	Creature ? Giant	Creatures with power 3 or greater don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.	W	W	Tempest	28	rare	Brom		
Rootwater Matriarch	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk	{T}: Gain control of target creature for as long as that creature is enchanted.	U	U	Tempest	83	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Time Warp	3UU	5	Sorcery	Target player takes an extra turn after this one.	U	U	Tempest	97	rare	Pete Venters		
Death Pits of Rath	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature is dealt damage, destroy it. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Tempest	127	rare	Joel Biske		
Furnace of Rath	1RRR	4	Enchantment	"If a source would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Tempest	177	rare	John Matson		
Rathi Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Rathi Dragon enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice two Mountains."	R	R	Tempest	196	rare	Christopher Rush		
Root Maze	G	1	Enchantment	Artifacts and lands enter the battlefield tapped.	G	G	Tempest	250	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Vhati il-Dal	2BG	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"{T}: Until end of turn, target creature has base power 1 or base toughness 1."	G	G	Tempest	274	rare	Ron Spencer		
Altar of Dementia	2	2	Artifact	Sacrifice a creature: Target player puts a number of cards equal to the sacrificed creature's power from the top of their library into their graveyard.			Tempest	276	rare	Brom		
Booby Trap	6	6	Artifact	"As Booby Trap enters the battlefield, choose an opponent and a card name other than a basic land card name.
The chosen player reveals each card they draw.
When the chosen player draws a card with the chosen name, sacrifice Booby Trap. If you do, Booby Trap deals 10 damage to that player."			Tempest	277	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Jinxed Idol	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Jinxed Idol deals 2 damage to you.
Sacrifice a creature: Target opponent gains control of Jinxed Idol."			Tempest	293	rare	John Matson		
Rolling Stones	1W	2	Enchantment	Wall creatures can attack as though they didn't have defender.	W	W	Stronghold	11	rare	John Matson		
Sacred Ground	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a spell or ability an opponent controls causes a land to be put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return that card to the battlefield."	W	W	Stronghold	12	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Evacuation	3UU	5	Instant	Return all creatures to their owners' hands.	U	U	Stronghold	30	rare	Rob Alexander		
Intruder Alarm	2U	3	Enchantment	"Creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, untap all creatures."	U	U	Stronghold	34	rare	Donato Giancola		
Grave Pact	1BBB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control dies, each other player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Stronghold	60	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Shard Phoenix	4R	5	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Sacrifice Shard Phoenix: It deals 2 damage to each creature without flying.
{R}{R}{R}: Return Shard Phoenix from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	R	R	Stronghold	97	rare	Paolo Parente		
Ensnaring Bridge	3	3	Artifact	Creatures with power greater than the number of cards in your hand can't attack.			Stronghold	133	rare	Pete Venters		
Paladin en-Vec	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike, protection from black and from red (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike. It can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything black or red.)"	W	W	Exodus	12	rare	Randy Elliott		
Pandemonium	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, that creature's controller may have it deal damage equal to its power to any target of their choice."	R	R	Exodus	93	rare	Pete Venters		
Seismic Assault	RRR	3	Enchantment	Discard a land card: Seismic Assault deals 2 damage to any target.	R	R	Exodus	101	rare	Dermot Power		
"Mirri, Cat Warrior"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Cat Warrior	"First strike, forestwalk, vigilance (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike, it can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest, and attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)"	G	G	Exodus	114	rare	Daren Bader		
Coat of Arms	5	5	Artifact	"Each creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature on the battlefield that shares at least one creature type with it. (For example, if two Goblin Warriors and a Goblin Shaman are on the battlefield, each gets +2/+2.)"			Exodus	131	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Mindless Automaton	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Mindless Automaton enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}, Discard a card: Put a +1/+1 counter on Mindless Automaton.
Remove two +1/+1 counters from Mindless Automaton: Draw a card."			Exodus	135	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Angelic Chorus	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain life equal to its toughness."	W	W	Urza's Saga	3	rare	Ron Spencer		
Elite Archers	5W	6	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	{T}: Elite Archers deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Urza's Saga	13	rare	Greg Staples		
Glorious Anthem	1WW	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Urza's Saga	15	rare	Kev Walker		
Intrepid Hero	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.	W	W	Urza's Saga	19	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pariah	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
All damage that would be dealt to you is dealt to enchanted creature instead."	W	W	Urza's Saga	28	rare	Jon J Muth		
Serra Avatar	4WWW	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Serra Avatar's power and toughness are each equal to your life total.
When Serra Avatar is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library."	W	W	Urza's Saga	45	rare	Dermot Power		
Worship	3W	4	Enchantment	"If you control a creature, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead."	W	W	Urza's Saga	57	rare	Mark Zug		
Imaginary Pet	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have a card in hand, return Imaginary Pet to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Saga	81	rare	Heather Hudson		
Eastern Paladin	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"{B}{B}, {T}: Destroy target green creature."	B	B	Urza's Saga	133	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Persecute	2BB	4	Sorcery	Choose a color. Target player reveals their hand and discards all cards of that color.	B	B	Urza's Saga	146	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Sleeper Agent	B	1	Creature ? Minion	"When Sleeper Agent enters the battlefield, target opponent gains control of it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, Sleeper Agent deals 2 damage to you."	B	B	Urza's Saga	159	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Western Paladin	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"{B}{B}, {T}: Destroy target white creature."	B	B	Urza's Saga	168	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Okk	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Okk can't attack unless a creature with greater power also attacks.
Okk can't block unless a creature with greater power also blocks."	R	R	Urza's Saga	204	rare	Mike Raabe		
Scoria Wurm	4R	5	Creature ? Wurm	"At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, return Scoria Wurm to its owner's hand."	R	R	Urza's Saga	212	rare	Steve Firchow		
Shivan Hellkite	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{1}{R}: Shivan Hellkite deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Urza's Saga	214	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Wildfire	4RR	6	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices four lands. Wildfire deals 4 damage to each creature.	R	R	Urza's Saga	228	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Abundance	2GG	4	Enchantment	"If you would draw a card, you may instead choose land or nonland and reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card of the chosen kind. Put that card into your hand and put all other cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Urza's Saga	229	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Greater Good	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Sacrifice a creature: Draw cards equal to the sacrificed creature's power, then discard three cards."	G	G	Urza's Saga	257	rare	Pete Venters		
Vernal Bloom	3G	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a Forest is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional {G}."	G	G	Urza's Saga	281	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Chimeric Staff	4	4	Artifact	{X}: Chimeric Staff becomes an X/X Construct artifact creature until end of turn.			Urza's Saga	288	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Citanul Flute	5	5	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost X or less, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Urza's Saga	289	rare	Berry		
Phyrexian Colossus	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Phyrexian Colossus doesn't untap during your untap step.
Pay 8 life: Untap Phyrexian Colossus.
Phyrexian Colossus can't be blocked except by three or more creatures."			Urza's Saga	305	rare	Mark Tedin		
Blessed Reversal	1W	2	Instant	You gain 3 life for each creature attacking you.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	2	rare	Pete Venters		
Archivist	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Draw a card.	U	U	Urza's Legacy	26	rare	Pete Venters		
Fleeting Image	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{1}{U}: Return Fleeting Image to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	31	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Phyrexian Plaguelord	3BB	5	Creature ? Carrier	"{T}, Sacrifice Phyrexian Plaguelord: Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.
Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	62	rare	Kev Walker		
Might of Oaks	3G	4	Instant	Target creature gets +7/+7 until end of turn.	G	G	Urza's Legacy	106	rare	Ron Spencer		
Beast of Burden	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Beast of Burden's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures on the battlefield.			Urza's Legacy	122	rare	Ron Spears		
Defense Grid	2	2	Artifact	Each spell costs {3} more to cast except during its controller's turn.			Urza's Legacy	125	rare	Mark Tedin		
Quicksilver Amulet	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."			Urza's Legacy	130	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Master Healer	4W	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Urza's Destiny	12	rare	Adam Rex		
Temporal Adept	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}{U}{U}, {T}: Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	48	rare	Heather Hudson		
Bloodshot Cyclops	5R	6	Creature ? Cyclops Giant	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Bloodshot Cyclops deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to any target."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	77	rare	Ray Lago		
Elvish Piper	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{G}, {T}: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	104	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Plow Under	3GG	5	Sorcery	Put two target lands on top of their owners' libraries.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	117	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Storage Matrix	3	3	Artifact	"As long as Storage Matrix is untapped, each player chooses artifact, creature, or land during their untap step. That player can untap only permanents of the chosen type this step."			Urza's Destiny	138	rare	Patrick Ho		
Thran Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"As long as Thran Golem is enchanted, it gets +2/+2 and has flying, first strike, and trample."			Urza's Destiny	141	rare	Ron Spears		
"Cho-Manno, Revolutionary"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Rebel	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Cho-Manno, Revolutionary."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	11	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Ivory Mask	2WW	4	Enchantment	You have shroud. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	W	W	Mercadian Masques	24	rare	Glen Angus		
Bribery	3UU	5	Sorcery	Search target opponent's library for a creature card and put that card onto the battlefield under your control. Then that player shuffles their library.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	62	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Cowardice	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, return that creature to its owner's hand. (It won't be affected by the spell or ability.)"	U	U	Mercadian Masques	70	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Tidal Kraken	5UUU	8	Creature ? Kraken	Tidal Kraken can't be blocked.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	110	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Trade Routes	1U	2	Enchantment	"{1}: Return target land you control to its owner's hand.
{1}, Discard a land card: Draw a card."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	112	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Conspiracy	3BB	5	Enchantment	"As Conspiracy enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures you control are the chosen type. The same is true for creature spells you control and creature cards you own that aren't on the battlefield."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	127	rare	Jeff Easley		
Midnight Ritual	X2B	3	Sorcery	"Exile X target creature cards from your graveyard. For each creature card exiled this way, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	146	rare	Jeff Easley		
Nether Spirit	1BB	3	Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if Nether Spirit is the only creature card in your graveyard, you may return Nether Spirit to the battlefield."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	149	rare	Alan Pollack		
"Squee, Goblin Nabob"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return Squee, Goblin Nabob from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	214	rare	David Monette		
Thieves' Auction	4RRR	7	Sorcery	"Exile all nontoken permanents. Starting with you, each player chooses one of the exiled cards and puts it onto the battlefield tapped under their control. Repeat this process until all cards exiled this way have been chosen."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	218	rare	Kevin Murphy		
Two-Headed Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Two-Headed Dragon can block an additional creature each combat.
{1}{R}: Two-Headed Dragon gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	221	rare	Sam Wood		
Collective Unconscious	4GG	6	Sorcery	Draw a card for each creature you control.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	236	rare	Andrew Goldhawk		
Natural Affinity	2G	3	Instant	All lands become 2/2 creatures until end of turn. They're still lands.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	260	rare	Pete Venters		
Distorting Lens	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Target permanent becomes the color of your choice until end of turn.			Mercadian Masques	293	rare	Glen Angus		
Blinding Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever Blinding Angel deals combat damage to a player, that player skips their next combat phase."	W	W	Nemesis	3	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Oracle's Attendants	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: All damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn by a source of your choice is dealt to Oracle's Attendants instead.	W	W	Nemesis	16	rare	Dany Orizio		
Ascendant Evincar	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Other black creatures get +1/+1.
Nonblack creatures get -1/-1."	B	B	Nemesis	51	rare	Mark Zug		
Death Pit Offering	2BB	4	Enchantment	"When Death Pit Offering enters the battlefield, sacrifice all creatures you control.
Creatures you control get +2/+2."	B	B	Nemesis	56	rare	Pete Venters		
Murderous Betrayal	BBB	3	Enchantment	"{B}{B}, Pay half your life, rounded up: Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Nemesis	61	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Flowstone Slide	X2RR	4	Sorcery	All creatures get +X/-X until end of turn.	R	R	Nemesis	83	rare	Chippy		
Rhox	4GG	6	Creature ? Rhino Beast	"You may have Rhox assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.
{2}{G}: Regenerate Rhox. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Nemesis	112	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Avatar of Hope	6WW	8	Creature ? Avatar	"If you have 3 or less life, this spell costs {6} less to cast.
Flying
Avatar of Hope can block any number of creatures."	W	W	Prophecy	3	rare	rk post		
Avatar of Woe	6BB	8	Creature ? Avatar	"If there are ten or more creature cards total in all graveyards, this spell costs {6} less to cast.
Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
{T}: Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Prophecy	56	rare	rk post		
Plague Wind	7BB	9	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures you don't control. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Prophecy	74	rare	Alan Pollack		
Searing Wind	8R	9	Instant	Searing Wind deals 10 damage to any target.	R	R	Prophecy	103	rare	John Matson		
Avatar of Might	6GG	8	Creature ? Avatar	"If an opponent controls at least four more creatures than you, this spell costs {6} less to cast.
Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Prophecy	109	rare	rk post		
"Jolrael, Empress of Beasts"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{G}, {T}, Discard two cards: All lands target player controls become 3/3 creatures until end of turn. They're still lands."	G	G	Prophecy	115	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Reya Dawnbringer	6WWW	9	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Invasion	33	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Obliterate	6RR	8	Sorcery	"This spell can't be countered.
Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and lands. They can't be regenerated."	R	R	Invasion	156	rare	Kev Walker		
Urza's Rage	2R	3	Instant	"Kicker {8}{R} (You may pay an additional {8}{R} as you cast this spell.)
This spell can't be countered.
Urza's Rage deals 3 damage to any target. If this spell was kicked, instead it deals 10 damage to that permanent or player and the damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Invasion	178	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Elvish Champion	1GG	3	Creature ? Elf	Other Elf creatures get +1/+1 and have forestwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Invasion	186	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
"Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer"	4GGG	7	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control."	G	G	Invasion	199	rare	Mark Zug		
Utopia Tree	1G	2	Creature ? Plant	{T}: Add one mana of any color.	G	G	Invasion	219	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Verdeloth the Ancient	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Treefolk	"Kicker {X} (You may pay an additional {X} as you cast this spell.)
Saproling creatures and other Treefolk creatures get +1/+1.
When Verdeloth the Ancient enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens."	G	G	Invasion	220	rare	Daren Bader		
Teferi's Moat	3WU	5	Enchantment	"As Teferi's Moat enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Creatures of the chosen color without flying can't attack you."	W	W	Invasion	279	rare	rk post		
Void	3BR	5	Sorcery	Choose a number. Destroy all artifacts and creatures with converted mana cost equal to that number. Then target player reveals their hand and discards all nonland cards with converted mana cost equal to the number.	R	R	Invasion	287	rare	Kev Walker		
Planar Portal	6	6	Artifact	"{6}, {T}: Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Invasion	308	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sunken Hope	3UU	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player returns a creature they control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Planeshift	37	rare	Greg Staples		
Lord of the Undead	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Other Zombie creatures get +1/+1.
{1}{B}, {T}: Return target Zombie card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Planeshift	44	rare	Brom		
Mogg Sentry	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, Mogg Sentry gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Planeshift	69	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Gaea's Herald	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	Creature spells can't be countered.	G	G	Planeshift	80	rare	Dan Frazier		
Quirion Dryad	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	"Whenever you cast a white, blue, black, or red spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Quirion Dryad."	G	G	Planeshift	89	rare	Don Hazeltine		
Eladamri's Call	GW	2	Instant	"Search your library for a creature card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Planeshift	106	rare	Kev Walker		
Phyrexian Arena	1BB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Apocalypse	47	rare	Pete Venters		
Bloodfire Colossus	6RR	8	Creature ? Giant	"{R}, Sacrifice Bloodfire Colossus: It deals 6 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Apocalypse	55	rare	Greg Staples		
Desolation Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant	"Kicker {W}{W} (You may pay an additional {W}{W} as you cast this spell.)
When Desolation Giant enters the battlefield, destroy all other creatures you control. If it was kicked, destroy all other creatures instead."	R	W	Apocalypse	59	rare	Alan Pollack		
Lightning Angel	1URW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance, haste"	W	W	Apocalypse	108	rare	rk post		
Mystic Snake	1GUU	4	Creature ? Snake	"Flash
When Mystic Snake enters the battlefield, counter target spell."	U	U	Apocalypse	112	rare	Daren Bader		
Legacy Weapon	7	7	Legendary Artifact	"{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Exile target permanent.
If Legacy Weapon would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Legacy Weapon and shuffle it into its owner's library instead."		W	Apocalypse	137	rare	John Avon		
Battle of Wits	3UU	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have 200 or more cards in your library, you win the game."	U	U	Odyssey	69	rare	Mark Brill		
Persuasion	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Odyssey	92	rare	Adam Rex		
Time Stretch	8UU	10	Sorcery	Target player takes two extra turns after this one.	U	U	Odyssey	108	rare	Paolo Parente		
Traumatize	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top half of their library, rounded down, into their graveyard."	U	U	Odyssey	110	rare	Greg Staples		
Haunting Echoes	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Exile all cards from target player's graveyard other than basic land cards. For each card exiled this way, search that player's library for all cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Odyssey	142	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Mindslicer	2BB	4	Creature ? Horror	"When Mindslicer dies, each player discards their hand."	B	B	Odyssey	149	rare	Kev Walker		
Mortivore	2BB	4	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	"Mortivore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in all graveyards.
{B}: Regenerate Mortivore."	B	B	Odyssey	152	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
"Kamahl, Pit Fighter"	4RR	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Barbarian	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
{T}: Kamahl, Pit Fighter deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Odyssey	198	rare	Kev Walker		
Magnivore	2RR	4	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
Magnivore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of sorcery cards in all graveyards."	R	R	Odyssey	204	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Call of the Herd	2G	3	Sorcery	"Create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.
Flashback {3}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	231	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Ground Seal	1G	2	Enchantment	"When Ground Seal enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Cards in graveyards can't be the targets of spells or abilities."	G	G	Odyssey	242	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Mystic Enforcer	2GW	4	Creature ? Human Nomad Mystic	"Protection from black
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Mystic Enforcer gets +3/+3 and has flying."	W	W	Odyssey	290	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Shadowmage Infiltrator	1UB	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever Shadowmage Infiltrator deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	294	rare	Rick Farrell		
Mirari	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may pay {3}. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."			Odyssey	303	rare	Donato Giancola		
Ambassador Laquatus	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{3}: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Torment	23	rare	Eric Peterson		
Plagiarize	3U	4	Instant	"Until end of turn, if target player would draw a card, instead that player skips that draw and you draw a card."	U	U	Torment	44	rare	Ben Thompson		
Mortal Combat	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if twenty or more creature cards are in your graveyard, you win the game."	B	B	Torment	71	rare	Mike Ploog		
Mutilate	2BB	4	Sorcery	All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn for each Swamp you control.	B	B	Torment	73	rare	Eric Peterson		
Nantuko Shade	BB	2	Creature ? Insect Shade	{B}: Nantuko Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Torment	74	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Grim Lavamancer	R	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{R}, {T}, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Grim Lavamancer deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Torment	100	rare	Jim Nelson		
Nantuko Cultivator	3G	4	Creature ? Insect Druid	"When Nantuko Cultivator enters the battlefield, you may discard any number of land cards. Put that many +1/+1 counters on Nantuko Cultivator and draw that many cards."	G	G	Torment	133	rare	Darrell Riche		
Nomad Mythmaker	2W	3	Creature ? Human Nomad Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Put target Aura card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control attached to a creature you control."	W	W	Judgment	15	rare	Eric Peterson		
Cephalid Constable	1UU	3	Creature ? Cephalid Wizard	"Whenever Cephalid Constable deals combat damage to a player, return up to that many target permanents that player controls to their owner's hand."	U	U	Judgment	35	rare	Alan Pollack		
Scalpelexis	4U	5	Creature ? Beast	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever Scalpelexis deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top four cards of their library. If two or more of those cards have the same name, repeat this process."	U	U	Judgment	50	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sutured Ghoul	4BBB	7	Creature ? Zombie	"Trample
As Sutured Ghoul enters the battlefield, exile any number of creature cards from your graveyard.
Sutured Ghoul's power is equal to the total power of the exiled cards and its toughness is equal to their total toughness."	B	B	Judgment	73	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Genesis	4G	5	Creature ? Incarnation	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if Genesis is in your graveyard, you may pay {2}{G}. If you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Judgment	117	rare	Mark Zug		
Mobilization	2W	3	Enchantment	"Soldier creatures have vigilance.
{2}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Onslaught	44	rare	Carl Critchlow		
True Believer	WW	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	You have shroud. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	W	W	Onslaught	57	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Weathered Wayfarer	W	1	Creature ? Human Nomad Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library. Activate this ability only if an opponent controls more lands than you."	W	W	Onslaught	59	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Arcanis the Omnipotent	3UUU	6	Legendary Creature ? Wizard	"{T}: Draw three cards.
{2}{U}{U}: Return Arcanis the Omnipotent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Onslaught	66	rare	Justin Sweet		
Clone	3U	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	You may have Clone enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield.	U	U	Onslaught	75	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Future Sight	2UUU	5	Enchantment	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
You may play the top card of your library."	U	U	Onslaught	84	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Voidmage Prodigy	UU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}{U}, Sacrifice a Wizard: Counter target spell.
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	120	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Doomed Necromancer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Mercenary	"{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Doomed Necromancer: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Onslaught	140	rare	Mark Brill		
Head Games	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Target opponent puts the cards from their hand on top of their library. Search that player's library for that many cards. The player puts those cards into their hand, then shuffles their library."	B	B	Onslaught	155	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Dragon Roost	4RR	6	Enchantment	{5}{R}{R}: Create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	R	R	Onslaught	198	rare	Luca Zontini		
Silklash Spider	3GG	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
{X}{G}{G}: Silklash Spider deals X damage to each creature with flying."	G	G	Onslaught	281	rare	Iain McCaig		
Weird Harvest	XGG	2	Sorcery	"Each player may search their library for up to X creature cards, reveal those cards, and put them into their hand. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	G	G	Onslaught	299	rare	Bob Petillo		
Slate of Ancestry	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}, Discard your hand: Draw a card for each creature you control."			Onslaught	310	rare	Corey D. Macourek		
"Akroma, Angel of Wrath"	5WWW	8	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, haste, protection from black and from red"	W	W	Legions	1	rare	Ron Spears		
Essence Sliver	3W	4	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver deals damage, its controller gains that much life."	W	W	Legions	13	rare	Glen Angus		
Windborn Muse	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays {2} for each creature they control that's attacking you."	W	W	Legions	28	rare	Adam Rex		
Dreamborn Muse	2UU	4	Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of cards in their hand."	U	U	Legions	36	rare	Kev Walker		
Mistform Ultimus	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Illusion	Mistform Ultimus is every creature type (even if this card isn't on the battlefield).	U	U	Legions	47	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Graveborn Muse	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Spirit	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of Zombies you control."	B	B	Legions	73	rare	Kev Walker		
Phage the Untouchable	3BBBB	7	Legendary Creature ? Avatar Minion	"When Phage the Untouchable enters the battlefield, if you didn't cast it from your hand, you lose the game.
Whenever Phage deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated.
Whenever Phage deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game."	B	B	Legions	78	rare	Ron Spears		
Lavaborn Muse	3R	4	Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has two or fewer cards in hand, Lavaborn Muse deals 3 damage to that player."	R	R	Legions	105	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Krosan Cloudscraper	7GGG	10	Creature ? Beast Mutant	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Krosan Cloudscraper unless you pay {G}{G}.
Morph {7}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Legions	130	rare	Ron Spears		
Seedborn Muse	3GG	5	Creature ? Spirit	Untap all permanents you control during each other player's untap step.	G	G	Legions	138	rare	Adam Rex		
Call to the Grave	4B	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a non-Zombie creature.
At the beginning of the end step, if no creatures are on the battlefield, sacrifice Call to the Grave."	B	B	Scourge	58	rare	Daren Bader		
Final Punishment	3BB	5	Sorcery	Target player loses life equal to the damage already dealt to that player this turn.	B	B	Scourge	67	rare	Matt Thompson		
Soul Collector	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Soul Collector this turn dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control.
Morph {B}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Scourge	74	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Dragonstorm	8R	9	Sorcery	"Search your library for a Dragon permanent card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	R	R	Scourge	90	rare	Kev Walker		
Form of the Dragon	4RRR	7	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Form of the Dragon deals 5 damage to any target.
At the beginning of each end step, your life total becomes 5.
Creatures without flying can't attack you."	R	R	Scourge	93	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Upwelling	3G	4	Enchantment	Players don't lose unspent mana as steps and phases end.	G	G	Scourge	131	rare	John Avon		
Defiant Vanguard	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"When Defiant Vanguard blocks, at end of combat, destroy it and all creatures it blocked this turn.
{5}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 4 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	5	rare	Pete Venters		
Enduring Renewal	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Play with your hand revealed.
If you would draw a card, reveal the top card of your library instead. If it's a creature card, put it into your graveyard. Otherwise, draw a card.
Whenever a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return it to your hand."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	7	rare	Harold McNeill		
Honorable Passage	1W	2	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to any target this turn, prevent that damage. If damage from a red source is prevented this way, Honorable Passage deals that much damage to the source's controller."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	9	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Soltari Priest	WW	2	Creature ? Soltari Cleric	"Protection from red
Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)"	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	14	rare	Janet Aulisio		
Valor	3W	4	Creature ? Incarnation	"First strike
As long as Valor is in your graveyard and you control a Plains, creatures you control have first strike."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	16	rare	Kev Walker		
Zhalfirin Commander	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{1}{W}{W}: Target Knight creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	18	rare	Stuart Griffin		
Giant Oyster	2UU	4	Creature ? Oyster	"You may choose not to untap Giant Oyster during your untap step.
{T}: For as long as Giant Oyster remains tapped, target tapped creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step, and at the beginning of each of your draw steps, put a -1/-1 counter on that creature. When Giant Oyster leaves the battlefield or becomes untapped, remove all -1/-1 counters from the creature."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	22	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Ovinomancer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Ovinomancer enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return three basic lands you control to their owner's hand.
{T}, Return Ovinomancer to its owner's hand: Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. That creature's controller creates a 0/1 green Sheep creature token."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	27	rare	Kev Walker		
Willbender	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {1}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Willbender is turned face up, change the target of target spell or ability with a single target."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	36	rare	Eric Peterson		
Sengir Autocrat	3B	4	Creature ? Human	"When Sengir Autocrat enters the battlefield, create three 0/1 black Serf creature tokens.
When Sengir Autocrat leaves the battlefield, exile all Serf tokens."	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	45	rare	David A. Cherry		
Stupor	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent discards a card at random, then discards a card."	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	48	rare	Mike Kimble		
Swamp Mosquito	1B	2	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Whenever Swamp Mosquito attacks and isn't blocked, defending player gets a poison counter. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	49	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Undead Warchief	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Zombie spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Zombie creatures you control get +2/+1."	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	52	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Withered Wretch	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	{1}: Exile target card from a graveyard.	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	54	rare	Tim Hildebrandt		
Avalanche Riders	3R	4	Creature ? Human Nomad	"Haste
Echo {3}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Avalanche Riders enters the battlefield, destroy target land."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	55	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Browbeat	2R	3	Sorcery	"Any player may have Browbeat deal 5 damage to them. If no one does, target player draws three cards."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	56	rare	Mark Tedin		
Eron the Relentless	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	"Haste
{R}{R}{R}: Regenerate Eron the Relentless."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	61	rare	Christopher Rush		
Goblin Snowman	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Goblin Snowman blocks, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by it this turn.
{T}: Goblin Snowman deals 1 damage to target creature it's blocking."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	64	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Orcish Librarian	1R	2	Creature ? Orc	"{R}, {T}: Look at the top eight cards of your library. Exile four of them at random, then put the rest on top of your library in any order."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	66	rare	Phil Foglio		
Hail Storm	1GG	3	Instant	Hail Storm deals 2 damage to each attacking creature and 1 damage to you and each creature you control.	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	79	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Hunting Moa	2G	3	Creature ? Bird Beast	"Echo {2}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Hunting Moa enters the battlefield or dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	80	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Scragnoth	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"This spell can't be countered.
Protection from blue"	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	83	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Spike Feeder	1GG	3	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Feeder enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Feeder: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Feeder: You gain 2 life."	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	84	rare	Heather Hudson		
Thornscape Battlemage	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"Kicker {R} and/or {W} (You may pay an additional {R} and/or {W} as you cast this spell.)
When Thornscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {R} kicker, it deals 2 damage to any target.
When Thornscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {W} kicker, destroy target artifact."	G	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	87	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Fiery Justice	RGW	3	Sorcery	Fiery Justice deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. Target opponent gains 5 life.	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	92	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Merieke Ri Berit	WUB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human	"Merieke Ri Berit doesn't untap during your untap step.
{T}: Gain control of target creature for as long as you control Merieke Ri Berit. When Merieke Ri Berit leaves the battlefield or becomes untapped, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	95	rare	Heather Hudson		
Spined Sliver	RG	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver becomes blocked, that Sliver gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	101	rare	Ron Spencer		
Stormbind	1RG	3	Enchantment	"{2}, Discard a card at random: Stormbind deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	102	rare	NN Thomas & Phillip Mosness		
Claws of Gix	0	0	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice a permanent: You gain 1 life."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	107	rare	Henry G. Higginbotham		
Dodecapod	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"If a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Dodecapod, put it onto the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it instead of putting it into your graveyard."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	108	rare	John Howe		
Arena		0	Land	"{3}, {T}: Tap target creature you control and target creature of an opponent's choice they control. Those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"			Time Spiral Timeshifted	117	rare	Rob Alexander		
Gemstone Mine		0	Land	"Gemstone Mine enters the battlefield with three mining counters on it.
{T}, Remove a mining counter from Gemstone Mine: Add one mana of any color. If there are no mining counters on Gemstone Mine, sacrifice it."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	119	rare	Brom		
Revenant	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Revenant's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	B	B	Stronghold	68	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Ancient Silverback	4GG	6	Creature ? Ape	"{G}: Regenerate Ancient Silverback. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Urza's Destiny	101	rare	Paolo Parente		
Restock	3GG	5	Sorcery	Return two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Restock.	G	G	Invasion	206	rare	Daren Bader		
Battlefield Forge		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}. Battlefield Forge deals 1 damage to you."		W	Apocalypse	139	rare	Darrell Riche		
Caves of Koilos		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}. Caves of Koilos deals 1 damage to you."		W	Apocalypse	140	rare	Jim Nelson		
Llanowar Wastes		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}. Llanowar Wastes deals 1 damage to you."		G	Apocalypse	141	rare	Rob Alexander		
Shivan Reef		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}. Shivan Reef deals 1 damage to you."		U	Apocalypse	142	rare	Rob Alexander		
Yavimaya Coast		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}. Yavimaya Coast deals 1 damage to you."		U	Apocalypse	143	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Sengir Vampire	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Sengir Vampire this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Sengir Vampire."	B	B	Torment	80	rare	Kev Walker		
Goblin Piledriver	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Protection from blue (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything blue.)
Whenever Goblin Piledriver attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Goblin."	R	R	Onslaught	205	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Bloodstained Mire		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Bloodstained Mire: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Onslaught	313	rare	Rob Alexander		
Flooded Strand		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Flooded Strand: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Onslaught	316	rare	Rob Alexander		
Polluted Delta		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Polluted Delta: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Onslaught	321	rare	Rob Alexander		
Windswept Heath		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Windswept Heath: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Onslaught	328	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Wooded Foothills		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wooded Foothills: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Onslaught	330	rare	Rob Alexander		
Mind Bend	U	1	Instant	"Change the text of target permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another or one basic land type with another. (For example, you may change ""nonblack creature"" to ""nongreen creature"" or ""forestwalk"" to ""islandwalk."" This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Mirage	77	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Volcanic Geyser	XRR	2	Instant	Volcanic Geyser deals X damage to any target.	R	R	Mirage	202	uncommon	David O'Connor		
Femeref Archers	2G	3	Creature ? Human Archer	{T}: Femeref Archers deals 4 damage to target attacking creature with flying.	G	G	Mirage	215	uncommon	William Donohoe		
Foratog	2G	3	Creature ? Atog	"{G}, Sacrifice a Forest: Foratog gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Mirage	217	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Patagia Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{3}: Patagia Golem gains flying until end of turn.			Mirage	313	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Phyrexian Vault	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card."			Mirage	316	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Nekrataal	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Assassin	"First strike
When Nekrataal enters the battlefield, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. That creature can't be regenerated."	B	B	Visions	66	uncommon	Adrian Smith		
Hulking Cyclops	3RR	5	Creature ? Cyclops	Hulking Cyclops can't block.	R	R	Visions	84	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Viashino Sandstalker	1RR	3	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
At the beginning of the end step, return Viashino Sandstalker to its owner's hand. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	R	R	Visions	100	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Stampeding Wildebeests	2GG	4	Creature ? Antelope Beast	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a green creature you control to its owner's hand."	G	G	Visions	121	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Aura of Silence	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Artifact and enchantment spells your opponents cast cost {2} more to cast.
Sacrifice Aura of Silence: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Weatherlight	7	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Serra's Blessing	1W	2	Enchantment	Creatures you control have vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause them to tap.)	W	W	Weatherlight	25	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Phantom Warrior	1UU	3	Creature ? Illusion Warrior	Phantom Warrior can't be blocked.	U	U	Weatherlight	48	uncommon	John Matson		
Agonizing Memories	2BB	4	Sorcery	Look at target player's hand and choose two cards from it. Put them on top of that player's library in any order.	B	B	Weatherlight	60	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Hidden Horror	1BB	3	Creature ? Horror	"When Hidden Horror enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a creature card."	B	B	Weatherlight	72	uncommon	Clint Langley		
Cone of Flame	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Cone of Flame deals 1 damage to any target, 2 damage to another target, and 3 damage to a third target."	R	R	Weatherlight	95	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Lava Hounds	2RR	4	Creature ? Hound	"Haste
When Lava Hounds enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to you."	R	R	Weatherlight	109	uncommon	Steve White		
Llanowar Behemoth	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	Tap an untapped creature you control: Llanowar Behemoth gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Weatherlight	132	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Steel Golem	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	You can't cast creature spells.			Weatherlight	157	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Fighting Drake	2UU	4	Creature ? Drake	Flying	U	U	Tempest	63	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Knight of Dusk	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Knight	{B}{B}: Destroy target creature blocking Knight of Dusk.	B	B	Tempest	140	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Rain of Tears	1BB	3	Sorcery	Destroy target land.	B	B	Tempest	149	uncommon	Charles Gillespie		
Boil	3R	4	Instant	Destroy all Islands.	R	R	Tempest	165	uncommon	Jason Alexander Behnke		
Sudden Impact	3R	4	Instant	Sudden Impact deals damage to target player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand.	R	R	Tempest	208	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Choke	2G	3	Enchantment	Islands don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.	G	G	Tempest	219	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Needle Storm	2G	3	Sorcery	Needle Storm deals 4 damage to each creature with flying.	G	G	Tempest	241	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Overrun	2GGG	5	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.	G	G	Tempest	243	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Wall of Essence	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Wall of Essence is dealt combat damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Stronghold	22	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Megrim	2B	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent discards a card, Megrim deals 2 damage to that player."	B	B	Stronghold	62	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Flame Wave	3RRRR	7	Sorcery	Flame Wave deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.	R	R	Stronghold	81	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Primal Rage	1G	2	Enchantment	Creatures you control have trample. (A creature with trample can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Stronghold	112	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Wall of Blossoms	1G	2	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender
When Wall of Blossoms enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Stronghold	125	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
High Ground	W	1	Enchantment	Each creature you control can block an additional creature each combat.	W	W	Exodus	7	uncommon	rk post		
Peace of Mind	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}, Discard a card: You gain 3 life."	W	W	Exodus	13	uncommon	Randy Elliott		
Treasure Hunter	2W	3	Creature ? Human	"When Treasure Hunter enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Exodus	23	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Treasure Trove	2UU	4	Enchantment	{2}{U}{U}: Draw a card.	U	U	Exodus	50	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Spellbook	0	0	Artifact	You have no maximum hand size.			Exodus	138	uncommon	Ciruelo		
Sanctum Guardian	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Sacrifice Sanctum Guardian: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to any target this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Urza's Saga	43	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Seasoned Marshal	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Seasoned Marshal attacks, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Urza's Saga	44	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Serra's Embrace	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying and vigilance."	W	W	Urza's Saga	47	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Academy Researchers	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Academy Researchers enters the battlefield, you may put an Aura card from your hand onto the battlefield attached to Academy Researchers."	U	U	Urza's Saga	58	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Confiscate	4UU	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent (Target a permanent as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that permanent.)
You control enchanted permanent."	U	U	Urza's Saga	66	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Exhaustion	2U	3	Sorcery	Creatures and lands target opponent controls don't untap during their next untap step.	U	U	Urza's Saga	74	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Fog Bank	1U	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender, flying
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Fog Bank."	U	U	Urza's Saga	75	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Hibernation	2U	3	Instant	Return all green permanents to their owners' hands.	U	U	Urza's Saga	79	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Telepathy	U	1	Enchantment	Your opponents play with their hands revealed.	U	U	Urza's Saga	102	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
No Rest for the Wicked	1B	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice No Rest for the Wicked: Return to your hand all creature cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn.	B	B	Urza's Saga	142	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Shiv's Embrace	2RR	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying.
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Urza's Saga	216	uncommon	Bob Eggleton		
Anaconda	3G	4	Creature ? Snake	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Urza's Saga	232	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Fecundity	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, that creature's controller may draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Saga	251	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Spreading Algae	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Swamp
When enchanted land becomes tapped, destroy it.
When Spreading Algae is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Spreading Algae to its owner's hand."	G	G	Urza's Saga	274	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Urza's Armor	6	6	Artifact	"If a source would deal damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage."			Urza's Saga	313	uncommon	rk post		
Voltaic Key	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Untap target artifact."			Urza's Saga	314	uncommon	Henry G. Higginbotham		
Levitation	2UU	4	Enchantment	Creatures you control have flying.	U	U	Urza's Legacy	35	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Opportunity	4UU	6	Instant	Target player draws four cards.	U	U	Urza's Legacy	37	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Rebuild	2U	3	Instant	"Return all artifacts to their owners' hands.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Legacy	40	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Wing Snare	2G	3	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with flying.	G	G	Urza's Legacy	117	uncommon	Henry Van Der Linde		
Faerie Conclave		0	Land	"Faerie Conclave enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
{1}{U}: Faerie Conclave becomes a 2/1 blue Faerie creature with flying until end of turn. It's still a land."		U	Urza's Legacy	139	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Forbidding Watchtower		0	Land	"Forbidding Watchtower enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
{1}{W}: Forbidding Watchtower becomes a 1/5 white Soldier creature until end of turn. It's still a land."		W	Urza's Legacy	140	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Ghitu Encampment		0	Land	"Ghitu Encampment enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
{1}{R}: Ghitu Encampment becomes a 2/1 red Warrior creature with first strike until end of turn. It's still a land. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"		R	Urza's Legacy	141	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Spawning Pool		0	Land	"Spawning Pool enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
{1}{B}: Spawning Pool becomes a 1/1 black Skeleton creature with ""{B}: Regenerate this creature"" until end of turn. It's still a land. (If it regenerates, the next time it would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"		B	Urza's Legacy	142	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Treetop Village		0	Land	"Treetop Village enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
{1}{G}: Treetop Village becomes a 3/3 green Ape creature with trample until end of turn. It's still a land. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"		G	Urza's Legacy	143	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Sanctimony	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent taps a Mountain for mana, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	16	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Thieving Magpie	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever Thieving Magpie deals damage to an opponent, draw a card."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	49	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Soul Feast	3BB	5	Sorcery	Target player loses 4 life and you gain 4 life.	B	B	Urza's Destiny	72	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Fodder Cannon	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Fodder Cannon deals 4 damage to target creature."			Urza's Destiny	131	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Mantis Engine	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"{2}: Mantis Engine gains flying until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{2}: Mantis Engine gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"			Urza's Destiny	133	uncommon	John Zeleznik		
Ballista Squad	3W	4	Creature ? Human Rebel	"{X}{W}, {T}: Ballista Squad deals X damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	5	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Noble Purpose	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	32	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Story Circle	1WW	3	Enchantment	"As Story Circle enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{W}: The next time a source of your choice of the chosen color would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	51	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Coastal Piracy	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	68	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Deathgazer	3B	4	Creature ? Lizard	"Whenever Deathgazer blocks or becomes blocked by a nonblack creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	130	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Larceny	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	143	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Primeval Shambler	4B	5	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	{B}: Primeval Shambler gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	152	uncommon	Chippy		
Arms Dealer	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Arms Dealer deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	172	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Hunted Wumpus	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"When Hunted Wumpus enters the battlefield, each other player may put a creature card from their hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	253	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Carrion Wall	1BB	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{1}{B}: Regenerate Carrion Wall."	B	B	Nemesis	54	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Mind Slash	1BB	3	Enchantment	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Nemesis	59	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Sword Dancer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Rebel	{W}{W}: Target attacking creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn.	W	W	Prophecy	25	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Lesser Gargadon	2RR	4	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Lesser Gargadon attacks or blocks, sacrifice a land."	R	R	Prophecy	97	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Whip Sergeant	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	{R}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack this turn.)	R	R	Prophecy	107	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Living Terrain	2GG	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 5/6 green Treefolk creature that's still a land."	G	G	Prophecy	117	uncommon	Andrew Goldhawk		
Spitting Spider	3GG	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Sacrifice a land: Spitting Spider deals 1 damage to each creature with flying."	G	G	Prophecy	125	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Spirit Weaver	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{2}: Target green or blue creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Invasion	39	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Fact or Fiction	3U	4	Instant	Reveal the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	U	U	Invasion	57	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Sky Weaver	1U	2	Creature ? Metathran Wizard	{2}: Target white or black creature gains flying until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Invasion	74	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Hate Weaver	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	{2}: Target blue or red creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Invasion	108	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Rage Weaver	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{2}: Target black or green creature gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)	R	R	Invasion	159	uncommon	John Matson		
Might Weaver	1G	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{2}: Target red or white creature gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Invasion	198	uncommon	Larry Elmore		
Coastal Tower		0	Land	"Coastal Tower enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Invasion	321	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Elfhame Palace		0	Land	"Elfhame Palace enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Invasion	322	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Salt Marsh		0	Land	"Salt Marsh enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Invasion	326	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Shivan Oasis		0	Land	"Shivan Oasis enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Invasion	327	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Urborg Volcano		0	Land	"Urborg Volcano enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Invasion	330	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Voice of All	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
As Voice of All enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Voice of All has protection from the chosen color."	W	W	Planeshift	19	uncommon	rk post		
Shifting Sky	2U	3	Enchantment	"As Shifting Sky enters the battlefield, choose a color.
All nonland permanents are the chosen color."	U	U	Planeshift	32	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Slay	2B	3	Instant	"Destroy target green creature. It can't be regenerated.
Draw a card."	B	B	Planeshift	55	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Warped Devotion	2B	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a permanent is returned to a player's hand, that player discards a card."	B	B	Planeshift	57	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Phyrexian Gargantua	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"When Phyrexian Gargantua enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life."	B	B	Apocalypse	48	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Sylvan Messenger	3G	4	Creature ? Elf	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
When Sylvan Messenger enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all Elf cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Apocalypse	87	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Brass Herald	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"As Brass Herald enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
When Brass Herald enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all creature cards of the chosen type revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Creatures of the chosen type get +1/+1."			Apocalypse	133	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Blessed Orator	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	Other creatures you control get +0/+1.	W	W	Odyssey	12	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Aura Graft	1U	2	Instant	Gain control of target Aura that's attached to a permanent. Attach it to another permanent it can enchant.	U	U	Odyssey	62	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Concentrate	2UU	4	Sorcery	Draw three cards.	U	U	Odyssey	78	uncommon	Glen Angus & Arnie Swekel		
Deluge	2U	3	Instant	Tap all creatures without flying.	U	U	Odyssey	80	uncommon	Wayne England		
Puppeteer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: You may tap or untap target creature."	U	U	Odyssey	97	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Caustic Tar	4BB	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target player loses 3 life."""	B	B	Odyssey	122	uncommon	John Avon		
Diabolic Tutor	2BB	4	Sorcery	Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.	B	B	Odyssey	129	uncommon	Rick Farrell		
Execute	2B	3	Instant	"Destroy target white creature. It can't be regenerated.
Draw a card."	B	B	Odyssey	133	uncommon	Gary Ruddell		
Zombie Infestation	1B	2	Enchantment	Discard two cards: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.	B	B	Odyssey	170	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Zombify	3B	4	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	B	B	Odyssey	171	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Squirrel Nest	1GG	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Create a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token."""	G	G	Odyssey	274	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Ancestor's Chosen	5WW	7	Creature ? Human Cleric	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
When Ancestor's Chosen enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each card in your graveyard."	W	W	Judgment	1	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Chastise	3W	4	Instant	Destroy target attacking creature. You gain life equal to its power.	W	W	Judgment	8	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Inspirit	2W	3	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +2/+4 until end of turn.	W	W	Onslaught	41	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Annex	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land (Target a land as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that land.)
You control enchanted land."	U	U	Onslaught	63	uncommon	John Avon		
Discombobulate	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. Look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Onslaught	79	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Reminisce	2U	3	Sorcery	Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library.	U	U	Onslaught	105	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Blackmail	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals three cards from their hand and you choose one of them. That player discards that card.	B	B	Onslaught	127	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Gluttonous Zombie	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Onslaught	151	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Threaten	2R	3	Sorcery	Untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)	R	R	Onslaught	241	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Elven Riders	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf	Elven Riders can't be blocked except by Walls and/or creatures with flying.	G	G	Onslaught	254	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Elvish Scrapper	G	1	Creature ? Elf	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Elvish Scrapper: Destroy target artifact."	G	G	Onslaught	258	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Explosive Vegetation	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Onslaught	263	uncommon	John Avon		
Wall of Mulch	1G	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{G}, Sacrifice a Wall: Draw a card."	G	G	Onslaught	298	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
White Knight	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Protection from black (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything black.)"	W	W	Legions	27	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Enormous Baloth	6G	7	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Legions	125	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Rain of Blades	W	1	Instant	Rain of Blades deals 1 damage to each attacking creature.	W	W	Scourge	20	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Wing Shards	1WW	3	Instant	"Target player sacrifices an attacking creature.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	W	W	Scourge	25	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Enrage	XR	1	Instant	Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Scourge	91	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Boomerang	UU	2	Instant	Return target permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Mirage	56	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Firebreathing	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	174	common	Mike Kerr		
Goblin Elite Infantry	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever Goblin Elite Infantry blocks or becomes blocked, it gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	177	common	Robert Bliss		
Incinerate	1R	2	Instant	Incinerate deals 3 damage to any target. A creature dealt damage this way can't be regenerated this turn.	R	R	Mirage	184	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Spitting Earth	1R	2	Sorcery	Spitting Earth deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Mountains you control.	R	R	Mirage	193	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Fog	G	1	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	G	G	Mirage	216	common	Harold McNeill		
Giant Mantis	3G	4	Creature ? Insect	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Mirage	218	common	Randy Gallegos		
Regeneration	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
{G}: Regenerate enchanted creature. (The next time that creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Mirage	236	common	Charles Gillespie		
Stalking Tiger	3G	4	Creature ? Cat	Stalking Tiger can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	Mirage	243	common	Terese Nielsen		
Infantry Veteran	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Target attacking creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Visions	9	common	Christopher Rush		
Warrior's Honor	2W	3	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Visions	24	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Cloud Elemental	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Cloud Elemental can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Visions	29	common	Adam Rex		
Man-o'-War	2U	3	Creature ? Jellyfish	"When Man-o'-War enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Visions	37	common	Jon J Muth		
Crypt Rats	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	{X}: Crypt Rats deals X damage to each creature and each player. Spend only black mana on X.	B	B	Visions	55	common	Paul Lee		
King Cheetah	3G	4	Creature ? Cat	Flash	G	G	Visions	110	common	Terese Nielsen		
Ardent Militia	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance	W	W	Weatherlight	5	common	Zina Saunders		
Benalish Knight	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Weatherlight	9	common	Zina Saunders		
Fog Elemental	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Fog Elemental attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat."	U	U	Weatherlight	40	common	Jon J Muth		
Sage Owl	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Sage Owl enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Weatherlight	52	common	Mark Poole		
Razortooth Rats	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Weatherlight	78	common	Brian Horton		
Bloodrock Cyclops	2R	3	Creature ? Cyclops	Bloodrock Cyclops attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Weatherlight	90	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Bogardan Firefiend	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"When Bogardan Firefiend dies, it deals 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Weatherlight	91	common	Terese Nielsen		
Cinder Wall	R	1	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Cinder Wall blocks, destroy it at end of combat."	R	R	Weatherlight	94	common	Randy Gallegos		
Mossfire Egg	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Mossfire Egg: Add {R}{G}. Draw a card."		R	Odyssey	304	uncommon	David Martin		
Shadowblood Egg	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Shadowblood Egg: Add {B}{R}. Draw a card."		R	Odyssey	308	uncommon	David Martin		
Skycloud Egg	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Skycloud Egg: Add {W}{U}. Draw a card."		W	Odyssey	309	uncommon	David Martin		
Sungrass Egg	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Sungrass Egg: Add {G}{W}. Draw a card."		W	Odyssey	311	uncommon	David Martin		
Barbarian Ring		0	Land	"{T}: Add {R}. Barbarian Ring deals 1 damage to you.
Threshold ? {R}, {T}, Sacrifice Barbarian Ring: It deals 2 damage to any target. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."		R	Odyssey	313	uncommon	John Avon		
Cabal Pit		0	Land	"{T}: Add {B}. Cabal Pit deals 1 damage to you.
Threshold ? {B}, {T}, Sacrifice Cabal Pit: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."		B	Odyssey	315	uncommon	John Avon		
Centaur Garden		0	Land	"{T}: Add {G}. Centaur Garden deals 1 damage to you.
Threshold ? {G}, {T}, Sacrifice Centaur Garden: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."		G	Odyssey	316	uncommon	John Avon		
Cephalid Coliseum		0	Land	"{T}: Add {U}. Cephalid Coliseum deals 1 damage to you.
Threshold ? {U}, {T}, Sacrifice Cephalid Coliseum: Target player draws three cards, then discards three cards. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."		U	Odyssey	317	uncommon	John Avon		
Nomad Stadium		0	Land	"{T}: Add {W}. Nomad Stadium deals 1 damage to you.
Threshold ? {W}, {T}, Sacrifice Nomad Stadium: You gain 4 life. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."		W	Odyssey	322	uncommon	David Martin		
Crazed Firecat	5RR	7	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"When Crazed Firecat enters the battlefield, flip a coin until you lose a flip. Put a +1/+1 counter on Crazed Firecat for each flip you won."	R	R	Torment	94	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Cabal Coffers		0	Land	"{2}, {T}: Add {B} for each Swamp you control."		B	Torment	139	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Tainted Field		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}. Activate this ability only if you control a Swamp."		W	Torment	140	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Tainted Isle		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}. Activate this ability only if you control a Swamp."		U	Torment	141	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Tainted Peak		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}. Activate this ability only if you control a Swamp."		R	Torment	142	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Tainted Wood		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}. Activate this ability only if you control a Swamp."		G	Torment	143	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Spurnmage Advocate	W	1	Creature ? Human Nomad	{T}: Return two target cards from an opponent's graveyard to their hand. Destroy target attacking creature.	W	W	Judgment	27	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Tunneler Wurm	6GG	8	Creature ? Wurm	Discard a card: Regenerate Tunneler Wurm.	G	G	Judgment	135	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Krosan Verge		0	Land	"Krosan Verge enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Krosan Verge: Search your library for a Forest card and a Plains card, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."			Judgment	141	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Nantuko Monastery		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
Threshold ? {G}{W}: Nantuko Monastery becomes a 4/4 green and white Insect Monk creature with first strike until end of turn. It's still a land. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."		W	Judgment	142	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Riftstone Portal		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
As long as Riftstone Portal is in your graveyard, lands you control have ""{T}: Add {G} or {W}."""		W	Judgment	143	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Crowd Favorites	6W	7	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{3}{W}: Tap target creature.
{3}{W}: Crowd Favorites gets +0/+5 until end of turn."	W	W	Onslaught	15	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Nova Cleric	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Nova Cleric: Destroy all enchantments."	W	W	Onslaught	45	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Shieldmage Elder	5W	6	Creature ? Human Cleric Wizard	"Tap two untapped Clerics you control: Prevent all damage target creature would deal this turn.
Tap two untapped Wizards you control: Prevent all damage target spell would deal this turn."	W	W	Onslaught	54	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Aven Fateshaper	6U	7	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
When Aven Fateshaper enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
{4}{U}: Look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Onslaught	69	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Graxiplon	5U	6	Creature ? Beast	Graxiplon can't be blocked unless defending player controls three or more creatures that share a creature type.	U	U	Onslaught	86	uncommon	Iain McCaig		
Mistform Mutant	4UU	6	Creature ? Illusion Mutant	{1}{U}: Choose a creature type other than Wall. Target creature becomes that type until end of turn.	U	U	Onslaught	95	uncommon	John Avon		
Aphetto Vulture	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Bird	"Flying
When Aphetto Vulture dies, you may put target Zombie card from your graveyard on top of your library."	B	B	Onslaught	126	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Withering Hex	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever a player cycles a card, put a plague counter on Withering Hex.
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 for each plague counter on Withering Hex."	B	B	Onslaught	181	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Shaleskin Bruiser	6R	7	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Whenever Shaleskin Bruiser attacks, it gets +3/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Beast."	R	R	Onslaught	226	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Skittish Valesk	6R	7	Creature ? Beast	"At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, turn Skittish Valesk face down.
Morph {5}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	231	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Krosan Groundshaker	4GGG	7	Creature ? Beast	{G}: Target Beast creature gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Onslaught	271	uncommon	Wayne England		
Symbiotic Beast	4GG	6	Creature ? Insect Beast	"When Symbiotic Beast dies, create four 1/1 green Insect creature tokens."	G	G	Onslaught	287	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Towering Baloth	6GG	8	Creature ? Beast	Morph {6}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	G	G	Onslaught	292	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Venomspout Brackus	6G	7	Creature ? Beast	"{1}{G}, {T}: Venomspout Brackus deals 5 damage to target attacking or blocking creature with flying.
Morph {3}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	295	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Daru Encampment		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{W}, {T}: Target Soldier creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."		W	Onslaught	315	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Goblin Burrows		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{R}, {T}: Target Goblin creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."		R	Onslaught	318	uncommon	David Martin		
Seaside Haven		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{W}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice a Bird: Draw a card."		W	Onslaught	323	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Starlit Sanctum		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{W}, {T}, Sacrifice a Cleric creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness.
{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a Cleric creature: Target player loses life equal to the sacrificed creature's power."		W	Onslaught	325	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Wirewood Lodge		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{G}, {T}: Untap target Elf."		G	Onslaught	329	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Daru Mender	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Morph {W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Daru Mender is turned face up, regenerate target creature."	W	W	Legions	8	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Swooping Talon	4WW	6	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{1}: Swooping Talon loses flying until end of turn.
Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	W	W	Legions	23	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Crookclaw Elder	5U	6	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Tap two untapped Birds you control: Draw a card.
Tap two untapped Wizards you control: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Legions	34	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Primoc Escapee	6U	7	Creature ? Bird Beast	"Flying
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Legions	49	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Dark Supplicant	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice three Clerics: Search your graveyard, hand, and/or library for a card named Scion of Darkness and put it onto the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	B	B	Legions	64	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Zombie Brute	6B	7	Creature ? Zombie	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Zombie card you reveal in your hand.)
Trample"	B	B	Legions	87	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Frenetic Raptor	5R	6	Creature ? Dinosaur Beast	Beasts can't block.	R	R	Legions	93	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Goblin Dynamo	5RR	7	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	"{T}: Goblin Dynamo deals 1 damage to any target.
{X}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Goblin Dynamo: It deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Legions	97	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Warbreak Trumpeter	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Morph {X}{X}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Warbreak Trumpeter is turned face up, create X 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Legions	116	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Brontotherium	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	G	G	Legions	119	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Thundercloud Elemental	5UU	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{3}{U}: Tap all creatures with toughness 2 or less.
{3}{U}: All other creatures lose flying until end of turn."	U	U	Scourge	54	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Fatal Mutation	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature is turned face up, destroy it. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Scourge	66	uncommon	Erica Gassalasca-Jape		
Putrid Raptor	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Dinosaur Beast	Morph?Discard a Zombie card. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	B	B	Scourge	71	uncommon	Pete Venters		
One with Nature	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Scourge	125	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Wirewood Symbiote	G	1	Creature ? Insect	Return an Elf you control to its owner's hand: Untap target creature. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Scourge	133	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Temple of the False God		0	Land	{T}: Add {C}{C}. Activate this ability only if you control five or more lands.			Scourge	143	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pearl Dragon	4WW	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{1}{W}: Pearl Dragon gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Mirage	33	rare	Ian Miller		
Mist Dragon	4UU	6	Creature ? Dragon	"{0}: Mist Dragon gains flying. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
{0}: Mist Dragon loses flying. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
{3}{U}{U}: Mist Dragon phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	79	rare	Al Davidson		
Catacomb Dragon	4BB	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Catacomb Dragon becomes blocked by a nonartifact, non-Dragon creature, that creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is half the creature's power, rounded down."	B	B	Mirage	112	rare	David O'Connor		
"Shauku, Endbringer"	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Shauku, Endbringer can't attack if there's another creature on the battlefield.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 3 life.
{T}: Exile target creature and put a +1/+1 counter on Shauku."	B	B	Mirage	142	rare	Pete Venters		
Spirit of the Night	6BBB	9	Legendary Creature ? Demon Spirit	"Flying, trample, haste, protection from black
Spirit of the Night has first strike as long as it's attacking."	B	B	Mirage	146	rare	Cliff Nielsen		
Crimson Hellkite	6RRR	9	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{X}, {T}: Crimson Hellkite deals X damage to target creature. Spend only red mana on X."	R	R	Mirage	167	rare	Gerry Grace		
Canopy Dragon	4GG	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Trample
{1}{G}: Canopy Dragon gains flying and loses trample until end of turn."	G	G	Mirage	209	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Rock Basilisk	4RG	6	Creature ? Basilisk	"Whenever Rock Basilisk blocks or becomes blocked by a non-Wall creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	R	R	Mirage	279	rare	Ian Miller		
Phyrexian Dreadnought	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Dreadnought	"Trample
When Phyrexian Dreadnought enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice any number of creatures with total power 12 or greater."			Mirage	315	rare	Pete Venters		
Teeka's Dragon	9	9	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Flying; trample; rampage 4 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +4/+4 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"			Mirage	320	rare	Liz Danforth		
Teferi's Isle		0	Legendary Land	"Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
Teferi's Isle enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}{U}."		U	Mirage	330	rare	Gerry Grace		
Necrosavant	3BBB	6	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"{3}{B}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Return Necrosavant from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Visions	65	rare	John Coulthart		
Firestorm Hellkite	4UR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample
Cumulative upkeep {U}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Visions	130	rare	Pete Venters		
Viashivan Dragon	2RRGG	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Viashivan Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{G}: Viashivan Dragon gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Visions	140	rare	Ian Miller		
Phyrexian Marauder	X	0	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Phyrexian Marauder enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Phyrexian Marauder can't block.
Phyrexian Marauder can't attack unless you pay {1} for each +1/+1 counter on it."			Visions	151	rare	David Seeley		
Triangle of War	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, Sacrifice Triangle of War: Target creature you control fights target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"			Visions	158	rare	Ian Miller		
Griffin Canyon		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Untap target Griffin. If it's a creature, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Visions	163	rare	Stuart Griffin		
Undiscovered Paradise		0	Land	"{T}: Add one mana of any color. During your next untap step, as you untap your permanents, return Undiscovered Paradise to its owner's hand."			Visions	167	rare	David O'Connor		
Alabaster Dragon	4WW	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Alabaster Dragon dies, shuffle it into its owner's library."	W	W	Weatherlight	2	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Tolarian Serpent	5UU	7	Creature ? Serpent	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put the top seven cards of your library into your graveyard."	U	U	Weatherlight	57	rare	Stuart Griffin		
Maraxus of Keld	4RR	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Maraxus of Keld's power and toughness are each equal to the number of untapped artifacts, creatures, and lands you control."	R	R	Weatherlight	111	rare	Adrian Smith		
Aboroth	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Cumulative upkeep?Put a -1/-1 counter on Aboroth. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	G	G	Weatherlight	117	rare	Brom		
Mwonvuli Ooze	G	1	Creature ? Ooze	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay {2} for each age counter on it.)
Mwonvuli Ooze's power and toughness are each equal to 1 plus twice the number of age counters on it."	G	G	Weatherlight	135	rare	Zina Saunders		
Xanthic Statue	8	8	Artifact	"{5}: Until end of turn, Xanthic Statue becomes an 8/8 Golem artifact creature with trample."			Weatherlight	163	rare	Hannibal King		
Lotus Vale		0	Land	"If Lotus Vale would enter the battlefield, sacrifice two untapped lands instead. If you do, put Lotus Vale onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add three mana of any one color."			Weatherlight	165	rare	John Avon		
Scorched Ruins		0	Land	"If Scorched Ruins would enter the battlefield, sacrifice two untapped lands instead. If you do, put Scorched Ruins onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}{C}."			Weatherlight	166	rare	John Avon		
Winding Canyons		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: You may cast creature spells this turn as though they had flash."			Weatherlight	167	rare	John Avon		
Sacred Guide	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{W}, Sacrifice Sacred Guide: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a white card. Put that card into your hand and exile all other cards revealed this way."	W	W	Tempest	38	rare	Zina Saunders		
Benthic Behemoth	5UUU	8	Creature ? Serpent	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Tempest	54	rare	Jim Nelson		
Commander Greven il-Vec	3BBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
When Commander Greven il-Vec enters the battlefield, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Tempest	115	rare	Kev Walker		
Minion of the Wastes	3BBB	6	Creature ? Minion	"Trample
As Minion of the Wastes enters the battlefield, pay any amount of life.
Minion of the Wastes's power and toughness are each equal to the life paid as it entered the battlefield."	B	B	Tempest	146	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Cursed Scroll	1	1	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Choose a card name, then reveal a card at random from your hand. If that card has the chosen name, Cursed Scroll deals 2 damage to any target."			Tempest	281	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Flowstone Sculpture	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{2}, Discard a card: Put a +1/+1 counter on Flowstone Sculpture or Flowstone Sculpture gains flying, first strike, or trample. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Tempest	288	rare	Hannibal King		
Grindstone	1	1	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard. If both cards share a color, repeat this process."			Tempest	290	rare	Greg Simanson		
Caldera Lake		0	Land	"Caldera Lake enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}. Caldera Lake deals 1 damage to you."		U	Tempest	316	rare	Allen Williams		
Pine Barrens		0	Land	"Pine Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}. Pine Barrens deals 1 damage to you."		G	Tempest	321	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Salt Flats		0	Land	"Salt Flats enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}. Salt Flats deals 1 damage to you."		W	Tempest	324	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Scabland		0	Land	"Scabland enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}. Scabland deals 1 damage to you."		W	Tempest	325	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Skyshroud Forest		0	Land	"Skyshroud Forest enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}. Skyshroud Forest deals 1 damage to you."		U	Tempest	326	rare	Roger Raupp		
Warrior Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel Warrior	"Flying
Whenever Warrior Angel deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Stronghold	24	rare	Brom		
Flowstone Mauler	4RR	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
{R}: Flowstone Mauler gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	R	R	Stronghold	85	rare	Paolo Parente		
Carnassid	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
{1}{G}: Regenerate Carnassid."	G	G	Stronghold	103	rare	Brom		
Volrath's Stronghold		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{B}, {T}: Put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library."		B	Stronghold	143	rare	Kev Walker		
Exalted Dragon	4WW	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Exalted Dragon can't attack unless you sacrifice a land. (This cost is paid as attackers are declared.)"	W	W	Exodus	6	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Ephemeron	4UU	6	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Discard a card: Return Ephemeron to its owner's hand."	U	U	Exodus	31	rare	Keith Parkinson		
Pit Spawn	4BBB	7	Creature ? Demon	"First strike
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Pit Spawn unless you pay {B}{B}.
Whenever Pit Spawn deals damage to a creature, exile that creature."	B	B	Exodus	70	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Spike Hatcher	6G	7	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Hatcher enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Hatcher: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Hatcher: Regenerate Spike Hatcher."	G	G	Exodus	126	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Workhorse	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Horse	"Workhorse enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Workhorse: Add {C}."			Exodus	142	rare	DiTerlizzi		
City of Traitors		0	Land	"When you play another land, sacrifice City of Traitors.
{T}: Add {C}{C}."			Exodus	143	rare	Kev Walker		
Drifting Djinn	4UU	6	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Drifting Djinn unless you pay {1}{U}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	71	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Great Whale	5UU	7	Creature ? Whale	"When Great Whale enters the battlefield, untap up to seven lands."	U	U	Urza's Saga	77	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Zephid	4UU	6	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	113	rare	Daren Bader		
Abyssal Horror	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
When Abyssal Horror enters the battlefield, target player discards two cards."	B	B	Urza's Saga	115	rare	rk post		
Dark Hatchling	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
When Dark Hatchling enters the battlefield, destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Urza's Saga	126	rare	Mark A. Nelson		
Vebulid	B	1	Creature ? Horror	"Vebulid enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Vebulid.
When Vebulid attacks or blocks, destroy it at end of combat."	B	B	Urza's Saga	165	rare	Ron Spencer		
Witch Engine	5B	6	Creature ? Horror	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{T}: Add {B}{B}{B}{B}. Target opponent gains control of Witch Engine. (Activate this ability only any time you could cast an instant.)"	B	B	Urza's Saga	169	rare	Kev Walker		
Crater Hellion	4RR	6	Creature ? Hellion Beast	"Echo {4}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Crater Hellion enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to each other creature."	R	R	Urza's Saga	179	rare	Daren Bader		
Child of Gaea	3GGG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Child of Gaea unless you pay {G}{G}.
{1}{G}: Regenerate Child of Gaea."	G	G	Urza's Saga	242	rare	Paolo Parente		
Phyrexian Tower		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Add {B}{B}."		B	Urza's Saga	322	rare	Chippy		
Serra's Sanctum		0	Legendary Land	{T}: Add {W} for each enchantment you control.		W	Urza's Saga	325	rare	Ciruelo		
Shivan Gorge		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{R}, {T}: Shivan Gorge deals 1 damage to each opponent."		R	Urza's Saga	326	rare	John Matson		
Thran Quarry		0	Land	"At the beginning of the end step, if you control no creatures, sacrifice Thran Quarry.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Urza's Saga	329	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Palinchron	5UU	7	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Palinchron enters the battlefield, untap up to seven lands.
{2}{U}{U}: Return Palinchron to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	38	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Goblin Welder	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"{T}: Choose target artifact a player controls and target artifact card in that player's graveyard. If both targets are still legal as this ability resolves, that player simultaneously sacrifices the artifact and returns the artifact card to the battlefield."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	80	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Shivan Phoenix	4RR	6	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Shivan Phoenix dies, return Shivan Phoenix to its owner's hand."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	91	rare	Daren Bader		
"Multani, Maro-Sorcerer"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Multani, Maro-Sorcerer's power and toughness are each equal to the total number of cards in all players' hands."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	107	rare	Daren Bader		
Urza's Blueprints	6	6	Artifact	"Echo {6} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
{T}: Draw a card."			Urza's Legacy	137	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Tethered Griffin	W	1	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
When you control no enchantments, sacrifice Tethered Griffin."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	21	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Blizzard Elemental	5UU	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{3}{U}: Untap Blizzard Elemental."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	27	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Goblin Marshal	4RR	6	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Echo {4}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Goblin Marshal enters the battlefield or dies, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	85	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Yavimaya Hollow		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{G}, {T}: Regenerate target creature."		G	Urza's Destiny	143	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Cho-Arrim Alchemist	W	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{W}{W}, {T}, Discard a card: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	8	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Cho-Arrim Bruiser	5W	6	Creature ? Ogre Rebel	"Whenever Cho-Arrim Bruiser attacks, you may tap up to two target creatures."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	9	rare	Paolo Parente		
Jhovall Queen	4WW	6	Creature ? Cat Rebel	Vigilance	W	W	Mercadian Masques	25	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Aerial Caravan	4UU	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
{1}{U}{U}: Exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card. (Reveal the card as you exile it.)"	U	U	Mercadian Masques	58	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Cateran Overlord	4BBB	7	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Cateran Overlord.
{6}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 6 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	123	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Cateran Slaver	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{5}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 5 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	125	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Delraich	6B	7	Creature ? Horror	"You may sacrifice three black creatures rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Trample"	B	B	Mercadian Masques	133	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Horn of Plenty	6	6	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a spell, they may pay {1}. If the player does, they draw a card at the beginning of the next end step."			Mercadian Masques	298	rare	Brian Despain		
Dust Bowl		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice a land: Destroy target nonbasic land."			Mercadian Masques	316	rare	Ben Thompson		
High Market		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life."			Mercadian Masques	320	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Rishadan Port		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Tap target land."			Mercadian Masques	324	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Tower of the Magistrate		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Target creature gains protection from artifacts until end of turn."			Mercadian Masques	330	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Sliptide Serpent	4UU	6	Creature ? Serpent	{3}{U}: Return Sliptide Serpent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Nemesis	43	rare	Daren Bader		
Volrath the Fallen	3BBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{1}{B}, Discard a creature card: Volrath the Fallen gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the discarded card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Nemesis	75	rare	Kev Walker		
Laccolith Titan	5RR	7	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Laccolith Titan becomes blocked, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature. If you do, Laccolith Titan assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Nemesis	89	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Skyshroud Behemoth	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Fading 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Skyshroud Behemoth enters the battlefield tapped."	G	G	Nemesis	116	rare	Eric Peterson		
Kor Haven		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{W}, {T}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target attacking creature this turn."		W	Nemesis	141	rare	Darrell Riche		
Rath's Edge		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice a land: Rath's Edge deals 1 damage to any target."			Nemesis	142	rare	Ron Spencer		
Avatar of Will	6UU	8	Creature ? Avatar	"If an opponent has no cards in hand, this spell costs {6} less to cast.
Flying"	U	U	Prophecy	30	rare	rk post		
Shrouded Serpent	4UUU	7	Creature ? Serpent	"Whenever Shrouded Serpent attacks, defending player may pay {4}. If that player doesn't, Shrouded Serpent can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Prophecy	47	rare	Dana Knutson		
Avatar of Fury	6RR	8	Creature ? Avatar	"If an opponent controls seven or more lands, this spell costs {6} less to cast.
Flying
{R}: Avatar of Fury gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Prophecy	82	rare	rk post		
Well of Discovery	6	6	Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, if you control no untapped lands, draw a card."			Prophecy	140	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Wintermoon Mesa		0	Land	"Wintermoon Mesa enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Wintermoon Mesa: Tap two target lands."			Prophecy	143	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Alabaster Leech	W	1	Creature ? Leech	White spells you cast cost {W} more to cast.	W	W	Invasion	1	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Devouring Strossus	5BBB	8	Creature ? Horror	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature.
Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate Devouring Strossus."	B	B	Invasion	101	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Callous Giant	4RR	6	Creature ? Giant	"If a source would deal 3 or less damage to Callous Giant, prevent that damage."	R	R	Invasion	139	rare	Mark Brill		
"Crosis, the Purger"	3UBR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Crosis, the Purger deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{B}. If you do, choose a color, then that player reveals their hand and discards all cards of that color."	U	U	Invasion	242	rare	Pete Venters		
"Darigaaz, the Igniter"	3BRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Darigaaz, the Igniter deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, choose a color, then that player reveals their hand and Darigaaz deals damage to the player equal to the number of cards of that color revealed this way."	R	R	Invasion	243	rare	Mark Zug		
"Dromar, the Banisher"	3WUB	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Dromar, the Banisher deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{U}. If you do, choose a color, then return all creatures of that color to their owners' hands."	W	W	Invasion	244	rare	Dave Dorman		
"Rith, the Awakener"	3RGW	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Rith, the Awakener deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{G}. If you do, choose a color, then create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each permanent of that color."	W	W	Invasion	267	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Sabertooth Nishoba	4GW	6	Creature ? Cat Beast Warrior	"Trample, protection from blue and from red"	W	W	Invasion	268	rare	Gary Ruddell		
"Treva, the Renewer"	3GWU	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Treva, the Renewer deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}{W}. If you do, choose a color, then you gain 1 life for each permanent of that color."	W	W	Invasion	280	rare	Ciruelo		
Tsabo Tavoc	5BR	7	Legendary Creature ? Horror	"First strike, protection from legendary creatures
{B}{B}, {T}: Destroy target legendary creature. It can't be regenerated."	R	R	Invasion	281	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Lotus Guardian	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Invasion	305	rare	Dana Knutson		
Keldon Necropolis		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Keldon Necropolis deals 2 damage to any target."		R	Invasion	325	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
"Nemata, Grove Guardian"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Treefolk	"{2}{G}: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Saproling creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Planeshift	85	rare	John Avon		
Draco	16	16	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Domain ? This spell costs {2} less to cast for each basic land type among lands you control.
Flying
Domain ? At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Draco unless you pay {10}. This cost is reduced by {2} for each basic land type among lands you control."			Planeshift	131	rare	Sam Wood		
Forsaken City		0	Land	"Forsaken City doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile a card from your hand. If you do, untap Forsaken City.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Planeshift	139	rare	Dana Knutson		
Meteor Crater		0	Land	{T}: Choose a color of a permanent you control. Add one mana of that color.			Planeshift	140	rare	John Avon		
Kavu Mauler	4GG	6	Creature ? Kavu	"Trample
Whenever Kavu Mauler attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each other attacking Kavu."	G	G	Apocalypse	80	rare	Daren Bader		
Penumbra Wurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Penumbra Wurm dies, create a 6/6 black Wurm creature token with trample."	G	G	Apocalypse	84	rare	Jeff Easley		
Fungal Shambler	4BGU	7	Creature ? Fungus Beast	"Trample
Whenever Fungal Shambler deals damage to an opponent, you draw a card and that opponent discards a card."	U	U	Apocalypse	100	rare	Jim Nelson		
Yavimaya's Embrace	5GUU	8	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has trample."	U	U	Apocalypse	127	rare	Eric Peterson		
Devoted Caretaker	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Target permanent you control gains protection from instant spells and from sorcery spells until end of turn."	W	W	Odyssey	18	rare	Clyde Caldwell		
Wayward Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel Horror	"Flying, vigilance
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Wayward Angel gets +3/+3, is black, has trample, and has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature."""	W	W	Odyssey	57	rare	Mark Tedin		
"Aboshan, Cephalid Emperor"	4UU	6	Legendary Creature ? Cephalid	"Tap an untapped Cephalid you control: Tap target permanent.
{U}{U}{U}: Tap all creatures without flying."	U	U	Odyssey	58	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Amugaba	5UU	7	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{2}{U}, Discard a card: Return Amugaba to its owner's hand."	U	U	Odyssey	61	rare	Heather Hudson		
Cognivore	6UU	8	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	"Flying
Cognivore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of instant cards in all graveyards."	U	U	Odyssey	77	rare	Adam Rex		
Cabal Patriarch	3BBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
{2}{B}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Odyssey	120	rare	Mark Zug		
Stalking Bloodsucker	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
{1}{B}, Discard a card: Stalking Bloodsucker gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Odyssey	163	rare	Greg Staples		
Ashen Firebeast	6RR	8	Creature ? Elemental Beast	{1}{R}: Ashen Firebeast deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.	R	R	Odyssey	174	rare	Mark Tedin		
Obstinate Familiar	R	1	Creature ? Lizard	"If you would draw a card, you may skip that draw instead."	R	R	Odyssey	210	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Nut Collector	5G	6	Creature ? Human Druid	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may create a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token.
Threshold ? Squirrel creatures get +2/+2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Odyssey	259	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Stone-Tongue Basilisk	4GGG	7	Creature ? Basilisk	"Whenever Stone-Tongue Basilisk deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, all creatures able to block Stone-Tongue Basilisk do so."	G	G	Odyssey	276	rare	Wayne England		
Iridescent Angel	5WU	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from all colors"	W	W	Odyssey	288	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Vampiric Dragon	6BR	8	Creature ? Vampire Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Vampiric Dragon this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Vampiric Dragon.
{1}{R}: Vampiric Dragon deals 1 damage to target creature."	R	R	Odyssey	296	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Crystal Quarry		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{5}, {T}: Add {W}{U}{B}{R}{G}."		W	Odyssey	318	rare	Alan Pollack		
Darkwater Catacombs		0	Land	"{1}, {T}: Add {U}{B}."		U	Odyssey	319	rare	Monte Michael Moore		
Deserted Temple		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Untap target land."			Odyssey	320	rare	Rob Alexander		
Mossfire Valley		0	Land	"{1}, {T}: Add {R}{G}."		R	Odyssey	321	rare	John Avon		
Petrified Field		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Petrified Field: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand."			Odyssey	323	rare	Glen Angus		
Shadowblood Ridge		0	Land	"{1}, {T}: Add {B}{R}."		R	Odyssey	326	rare	Glen Angus		
Skycloud Expanse		0	Land	"{1}, {T}: Add {W}{U}."		W	Odyssey	327	rare	Rob Alexander		
Sungrass Prairie		0	Land	"{1}, {T}: Add {G}{W}."		W	Odyssey	328	rare	Ron Spencer		
Tarnished Citadel		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Tarnished Citadel deals 3 damage to you."			Odyssey	329	rare	David Martin		
Angel of Retribution	6W	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Torment	1	rare	rk post		
Hypnox	8BBB	11	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"Flying
When Hypnox enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, exile all cards from target opponent's hand.
When Hypnox leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to their owner's hand."	B	B	Torment	64	rare	Greg Staples		
Laquatus's Champion	4BB	6	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"When Laquatus's Champion enters the battlefield, target player loses 6 life.
When Laquatus's Champion leaves the battlefield, that player gains 6 life.
{B}: Regenerate Laquatus's Champion."	B	B	Torment	67	rare	Greg Staples		
Petradon	6RR	8	Creature ? Nightmare Beast	"When Petradon enters the battlefield, exile two target lands.
When Petradon leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to the battlefield under their owners' control.
{R}: Petradon gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Torment	108	rare	Jim Nelson		
Silver Seraph	5WWW	8	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Threshold ? Other creatures you control get +2/+2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	W	W	Judgment	23	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Wormfang Manta	5UU	7	Creature ? Nightmare Fish Beast	"Flying
When Wormfang Manta enters the battlefield, you skip your next turn.
When Wormfang Manta leaves the battlefield, you take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Judgment	58	rare	Heather Hudson		
Worldgorger Dragon	3RRR	6	Creature ? Nightmare Dragon	"Flying, trample
When Worldgorger Dragon enters the battlefield, exile all other permanents you control.
When Worldgorger Dragon leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to the battlefield under their owners' control."	R	R	Judgment	103	rare	Wayne England		
Sylvan Safekeeper	G	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	Sacrifice a land: Target creature you control gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Judgment	133	rare	Pete Venters		
"Thriss, Nantuko Primus"	5GG	7	Legendary Creature ? Insect Druid	"{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn."	G	G	Judgment	134	rare	John Avon		
Phantom Nishoba	5GW	7	Creature ? Cat Beast Spirit	"Trample
Phantom Nishoba enters the battlefield with seven +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Phantom Nishoba deals damage, you gain that much life.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Nishoba, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Nishoba."	W	W	Judgment	140	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Aven Brigadier	3WWW	6	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Other Bird creatures get +1/+1.
Other Soldier creatures get +1/+1."	W	W	Onslaught	7	rare	Greg Staples		
Exalted Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Exalted Angel deals damage, you gain that much life.
Morph {2}{W}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	28	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Glarecaster	4WW	6	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
{5}{W}: The next time damage would be dealt to Glarecaster and/or you this turn, that damage is dealt to any target instead."	W	W	Onslaught	30	rare	Dan Frazier		
"Jareth, Leonine Titan"	3WWW	6	Legendary Creature ? Cat Giant	"Whenever Jareth, Leonine Titan blocks, it gets +7/+7 until end of turn.
{W}: Jareth gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Onslaught	43	rare	Daren Bader		
Mistform Skyreaver	5UU	7	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{1}: Mistform Skyreaver becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Onslaught	97	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Quicksilver Dragon	4UU	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{U}: If target spell has only one target and that target is Quicksilver Dragon, change that spell's target to another creature.
Morph {4}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	103	rare	Ron Spencer		
Entrails Feaster	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Cat	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile a creature card from a graveyard. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Entrails Feaster. If you don't, tap Entrails Feaster."	B	B	Onslaught	143	rare	John Matson		
Gravespawn Sovereign	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie	Tap five untapped Zombies you control: Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	B	B	Onslaught	152	rare	Adam Rex		
Silent Specter	4BB	6	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Silent Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player discards two cards.
Morph {3}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	169	rare	Daren Bader		
Visara the Dreadful	3BBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Gorgon	"Flying
{T}: Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Onslaught	179	rare	Kev Walker		
Butcher Orgg	4RRR	7	Creature ? Orgg	You may assign Butcher Orgg's combat damage divided as you choose among defending player and/or any number of creatures they control.	R	R	Onslaught	192	rare	Kev Walker		
Rorix Bladewing	3RRR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste"	R	R	Onslaught	224	rare	Darrell Riche		
"Kamahl, Fist of Krosa"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Druid	"{G}: Target land becomes a 1/1 creature until end of turn. It's still a land.
{2}{G}{G}{G}: Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Onslaught	268	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Krosan Colossus	6GGG	9	Creature ? Beast	Morph {6}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	G	G	Onslaught	270	rare	Kev Walker		
Mythic Proportions	4GGG	7	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +8/+8 and has trample."	G	G	Onslaught	274	rare	Jim Nelson		
"Silvos, Rogue Elemental"	3GGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
{G}: Regenerate Silvos, Rogue Elemental."	G	G	Onslaught	282	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Symbiotic Wurm	5GGG	8	Creature ? Wurm	"When Symbiotic Wurm dies, create seven 1/1 green Insect creature tokens."	G	G	Onslaught	289	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Doom Cannon	6	6	Artifact	"As Doom Cannon enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature of the chosen type: Doom Cannon deals 3 damage to any target."			Onslaught	307	rare	Matthew Mitchell		
Tribal Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Tribal Golem has trample as long as you control a Beast, haste as long as you control a Goblin, first strike as long as you control a Soldier, flying as long as you control a Wizard, and ""{B}: Regenerate Tribal Golem"" as long as you control a Zombie."		B	Onslaught	311	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Contested Cliffs		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{R}{G}, {T}: Target Beast creature you control fights target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"		R	Onslaught	314	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Grand Coliseum		0	Land	"Grand Coliseum enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Grand Coliseum deals 1 damage to you."			Onslaught	319	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Riptide Laboratory		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{U}, {T}: Return target Wizard you control to its owner's hand."		U	Onslaught	322	rare	John Avon		
Unholy Grotto		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{B}, {T}: Put target Zombie card from your graveyard on top of your library."		B	Onslaught	327	rare	John Avon		
Planar Guide	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{3}{W}, Exile Planar Guide: Exile all creatures. At the beginning of the next end step, return those cards to the battlefield under their owners' control."	W	W	Legions	18	rare	Eric Peterson		
Weaver of Lies	5UU	7	Creature ? Beast	"Morph {4}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Weaver of Lies is turned face up, turn any number of target creatures with morph abilities other than Weaver of Lies face down."	U	U	Legions	57	rare	Luca Zontini		
Havoc Demon	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Havoc Demon dies, all creatures get -5/-5 until end of turn."	B	B	Legions	74	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Scion of Darkness	5BBB	8	Creature ? Avatar	"Trample
Whenever Scion of Darkness deals combat damage to a player, you may put target creature card from that player's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Legions	79	rare	Mark Zug		
Imperial Hellkite	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Morph {6}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Imperial Hellkite is turned face up, you may search your library for a Dragon card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	R	R	Legions	103	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Kilnmouth Dragon	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Amplify 3 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put three +1/+1 counters on it for each Dragon card you reveal in your hand.)
Flying
{T}: Kilnmouth Dragon deals damage equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it to any target."	R	R	Legions	104	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Rockshard Elemental	5RR	7	Creature ? Elemental	"Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
Morph {4}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Legions	109	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Feral Throwback	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Amplify 2 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it for each Beast card you reveal in your hand.)
Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	G	G	Legions	126	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Eternal Dragon	5WW	7	Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying
{3}{W}{W}: Return Eternal Dragon from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.
Plainscycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Scourge	12	rare	Justin Sweet		
Nefashu	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Mutant	"Whenever Nefashu attacks, up to five target creatures each get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Scourge	70	rare	rk post		
Dragon Tyrant	8RR	10	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample
Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Dragon Tyrant unless you pay {R}{R}{R}{R}.
{R}: Dragon Tyrant gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Scourge	88	rare	Kev Walker		
Ancient Ooze	5GG	7	Creature ? Ooze	Ancient Ooze's power and toughness are each equal to the total converted mana cost of other creatures you control.	G	G	Scourge	112	rare	Erica Gassalasca-Jape		
Root Elemental	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Morph {5}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Root Elemental is turned face up, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Scourge	127	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Xantid Swarm	G	1	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Whenever Xantid Swarm attacks, defending player can't cast spells this turn."	G	G	Scourge	135	rare	David Martin		
Bladewing the Risen	3BBRR	7	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Dragon	"Flying
When Bladewing the Risen enters the battlefield, you may return target Dragon permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
{B}{R}: Dragon creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Scourge	136	rare	Kev Walker		
"Karona, False God"	1WUBRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	"Haste
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player untaps Karona, False God and gains control of it.
Whenever Karona attacks, creatures of the creature type of your choice get +3/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Scourge	138	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Phyrexian Debaser	3B	4	Creature ? Carrier	"Flying
{T}, Sacrifice Phyrexian Debaser: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	59	common	Mark Tedin		
Treefolk Mystic	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk	"Whenever Treefolk Mystic blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, destroy all Auras attached to that creature."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	114	common	DiTerlizzi		
Yavimaya Granger	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"Echo {2}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Yavimaya Granger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	118	common	Henry Van Der Linde		
Yavimaya Scion	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk	Protection from artifacts	G	G	Urza's Legacy	119	common	DiTerlizzi		
Tormented Angel	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	Flying	W	W	Urza's Destiny	22	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Wall of Glare	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Wall of Glare can block any number of creatures."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	25	common	Patrick Ho		
Bubbling Beebles	4U	5	Creature ? Beeble	Bubbling Beebles can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an enchantment.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	29	common	Jeff Miracola		
Illuminated Wings	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
{2}, Sacrifice Illuminated Wings: Draw a card."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	34	common	Jim Nelson		
Kingfisher	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Kingfisher dies, draw a card."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	36	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Skittering Horror	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"When you cast a creature spell, sacrifice Skittering Horror."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	70	common	Mark Zug		
Twisted Experiment	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/-1."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	74	common	rk post		
Goblin Masons	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Masons dies, destroy target Wall."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	86	common	DiTerlizzi		
Heart Warden	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add {G}.
{2}, Sacrifice Heart Warden: Draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	108	common	Adam Rex		
Yavimaya Elder	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"When Yavimaya Elder dies, you may search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library.
{2}, Sacrifice Yavimaya Elder: Draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	124	common	Ray Lago		
Charm Peddler	W	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{W}, {T}, Discard a card: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to target creature this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	6	common	John Matson		
Cho-Manno's Blessing	WW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
As Cho-Manno's Blessing enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Enchanted creature has protection from the chosen color. This effect doesn't remove Cho-Manno's Blessing."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	12	common	John Matson		
Fresh Volunteers	1W	2	Creature ? Human Rebel		W	W	Mercadian Masques	20	common	Jeff Miracola		
Nightwind Glider	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Flying, protection from black"	W	W	Mercadian Masques	31	common	Randy Gallegos		
Ramosian Lieutenant	1W	2	Creature ? Human Rebel	"{4}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	37	common	Alan Pollack		
Ramosian Sergeant	W	1	Creature ? Human Rebel	"{3}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 2 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	39	common	Don Hazeltine		
Revered Elder	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{1}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Revered Elder this turn.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	43	common	Donato Giancola		
Task Force	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Whenever Task Force becomes the target of a spell or ability, it gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	52	common	Gary Ruddell		
Thermal Glider	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Flying, protection from red"	W	W	Mercadian Masques	53	common	Mark Zug		
Blockade Runner	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk	{U}: Blockade Runner can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	60	common	Carl Critchlow		
Diplomatic Immunity	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Shroud (A permanent with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Enchanted creature has shroud."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	75	common	Terese Nielsen		
Drake Hatchling	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{U}: Drake Hatchling gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	76	common	Bradley Williams		
Port Inspector	1U	2	Creature ? Human	"Whenever Port Inspector becomes blocked, you may look at defending player's hand."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	90	common	Dan Frazier		
Rishadan Airship	2U	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
Rishadan Airship can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	91	common	Kev Walker		
Rishadan Cutpurse	2U	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Rishadan Cutpurse enters the battlefield, each opponent sacrifices a permanent unless they pay {1}."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	93	common	Christopher Moeller		
Saprazzan Raider	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Saprazzan Raider becomes blocked, return it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	102	common	Jeff Miracola		
Stinging Barrier	2UU	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{U}, {T}: Stinging Barrier deals 1 damage to any target."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	107	common	Pat Morrissey		
Bog Smugglers	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Mercenary	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Mercadian Masques	117	common	Mike Ploog		
Bog Witch	2B	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Add {B}{B}{B}."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	118	common	Gao Yan		
Cateran Persuader	BB	2	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{1}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 1 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	124	common	Carl Critchlow		
Maggot Therapy	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-2."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	145	common	Jeff Easley		
Misshapen Fiend	1B	2	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	Flying	B	B	Mercadian Masques	147	common	Adam Rex		
Rampart Crawler	B	1	Creature ? Lizard Mercenary	Rampart Crawler can't be blocked by Walls.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	156	common	Pete Venters		
Wall of Distortion	2BB	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{2}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	171	common	Mark Tedin		
Blaster Mage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Destroy target Wall."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	175	common	George Pratt		
Ceremonial Guard	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Ceremonial Guard attacks or blocks, destroy it at end of combat."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	182	common	Daren Bader		
Flailing Soldier	R	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}: Flailing Soldier gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.
{1}: Flailing Soldier gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	189	common	Dany Orizio		
Gerrard's Irregulars	4R	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Trample, haste"	R	R	Mercadian Masques	192	common	Eric Peterson		
Wild Jhovall	3R	4	Creature ? Cat		R	R	Mercadian Masques	227	common	Daren Bader		
Ancestral Mask	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 for each other enchantment on the battlefield."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	229	common	Massimilano Frezzato		
Deepwood Wolverine	G	1	Creature ? Wolverine	"Whenever Deepwood Wolverine becomes blocked, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	242	common	Ray Lago		
Ferocity	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature blocks or becomes blocked, you may put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	245	common	Pete Venters		
Howling Wolf	2GG	4	Creature ? Wolf	"When Howling Wolf enters the battlefield, you may search your library for up to three cards named Howling Wolf, reveal them, and put them into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	252	common	Heather Hudson		
Hickory Woodlot		0	Land	"Hickory Woodlot enters the battlefield tapped with two depletion counters on it.
{T}, Remove a depletion counter from Hickory Woodlot: Add {G}{G}. If there are no depletion counters on Hickory Woodlot, sacrifice it."		G	Mercadian Masques	319	common	Sean McConnell		
Peat Bog		0	Land	"Peat Bog enters the battlefield tapped with two depletion counters on it.
{T}, Remove a depletion counter from Peat Bog: Add {B}{B}. If there are no depletion counters on Peat Bog, sacrifice it."		B	Mercadian Masques	322	common	Val Mayerik		
Remote Farm		0	Land	"Remote Farm enters the battlefield tapped with two depletion counters on it.
{T}, Remove a depletion counter from Remote Farm: Add {W}{W}. If there are no depletion counters on Remote Farm, sacrifice it."		W	Mercadian Masques	323	common	Rob Alexander		
Sandstone Needle		0	Land	"Sandstone Needle enters the battlefield tapped with two depletion counters on it.
{T}, Remove a depletion counter from Sandstone Needle: Add {R}{R}. If there are no depletion counters on Sandstone Needle, sacrifice it."		R	Mercadian Masques	326	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Saprazzan Skerry		0	Land	"Saprazzan Skerry enters the battlefield tapped with two depletion counters on it.
{T}, Remove a depletion counter from Saprazzan Skerry: Add {U}{U}. If there are no depletion counters on Saprazzan Skerry, sacrifice it."		U	Mercadian Masques	328	common	Pat Morrissey		
Defender en-Vec	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Fading 4 (This creature enters the battlefield with four fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Defender en-Vec: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Nemesis	5	common	Bradley Williams		
Defiant Falcon	1W	2	Creature ? Rebel Bird	"Flying
{4}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Nemesis	6	common	Heather Hudson		
Netter en-Dal	W	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature can't attack this turn."	W	W	Nemesis	13	common	Matt Cavotta		
Air Bladder	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Enchanted creature can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Nemesis	28	common	Donato Giancola		
Cloudskate	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Fading 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)"	U	U	Nemesis	29	common	Carl Critchlow		
Oraxid	3U	4	Creature ? Crab Beast	Protection from red	U	U	Nemesis	35	common	Dave Dorman		
Trickster Mage	U	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{U}, {T}, Discard a card: You may tap or untap target artifact, creature, or land."	U	U	Nemesis	49	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Wandering Eye	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Players play with their hands revealed."	U	U	Nemesis	50	common	Sam Wood		
Belbe's Percher	2B	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Belbe's Percher can block only creatures with flying."	B	B	Nemesis	53	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Phyrexian Driver	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Mercenary	"When Phyrexian Driver enters the battlefield, other Mercenary creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Nemesis	64	common	Chippy		
Rathi Intimidator	1BB	3	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
{2}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 2 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Nemesis	69	common	Mike Ploog		
Spiteful Bully	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Mercenary	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Spiteful Bully deals 3 damage to target creature you control."	B	B	Nemesis	72	common	Chippy		
Bola Warrior	1R	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper Warrior	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Nemesis	78	common	Adam Rex		
Flowstone Wall	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{R}: Flowstone Wall gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	R	R	Nemesis	86	common	Jeff Miracola		
Laccolith Grunt	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Laccolith Grunt becomes blocked, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature. If you do, Laccolith Grunt assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Nemesis	87	common	Arnie Swekel		
Laccolith Rig	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes blocked, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature. If you do, the first creature assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Nemesis	88	common	Massimilano Frezzato		
Laccolith Whelp	R	1	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Laccolith Whelp becomes blocked, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature. If you do, Laccolith Whelp assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Nemesis	91	common	Dave Dorman		
Mogg Toady	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Mogg Toady can't attack unless you control more creatures than defending player.
Mogg Toady can't block unless you control more creatures than attacking player."	R	R	Nemesis	95	common	Mike Ploog		
Harvest Mage	G	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Until end of turn, if you tap a land for mana, it produces one mana of a color of your choice instead of any other type and amount."	G	G	Nemesis	105	common	Dan Frazier		
Skyshroud Ridgeback	G	1	Creature ? Beast	"Fading 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)"	G	G	Nemesis	120	common	Carl Critchlow		
Skyshroud Sentinel	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"When Skyshroud Sentinel enters the battlefield, you may search your library for up to three cards named Skyshroud Sentinel, reveal them, and put them into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Nemesis	121	common	Randy Gallegos		
Glittering Lynx	W	1	Creature ? Cat	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Glittering Lynx.
{2}: Until end of turn, Glittering Lynx loses ""Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Glittering Lynx."" Any player may activate this ability."	W	W	Prophecy	11	common	Dan Frazier		
Mageta's Boon	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2."	W	W	Prophecy	14	common	Bradley Williams		
Mine Bearer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}, Sacrifice Mine Bearer: Destroy target attacking creature."	W	W	Prophecy	16	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Soul Charmer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Whenever Soul Charmer deals combat damage to a creature, you gain 2 life unless that creature's controller pays {2}."	W	W	Prophecy	24	common	Glen Angus		
Trenching Steed	3W	4	Creature ? Horse Rebel	Sacrifice a land: Trenching Steed gets +0/+3 until end of turn.	W	W	Prophecy	26	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Troubled Healer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	Sacrifice a land: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Prophecy	27	common	Terese Nielsen		
Alexi's Cloak	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Prophecy	29	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Gulf Squid	3U	4	Creature ? Squid Beast	"When Gulf Squid enters the battlefield, tap all lands target player controls."	U	U	Prophecy	35	common	Wayne England		
Hazy Homunculus	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus Illusion	Hazy Homunculus can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an untapped land.	U	U	Prophecy	36	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Ribbon Snake	1UU	3	Creature ? Snake	"Flying
{2}: Ribbon Snake loses flying until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	U	U	Prophecy	46	common	Mark Zug		
Stormwatch Eagle	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Sacrifice a land: Return Stormwatch Eagle to its owner's hand."	U	U	Prophecy	50	common	Aaron Boyd		
Agent of Shauku	1B	2	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice a land: Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Prophecy	55	common	Donato Giancola		
Bog Glider	2B	3	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"Flying
{T}, Sacrifice a land: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 2 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Prophecy	58	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Death Charmer	2B	3	Creature ? Worm Mercenary	"Whenever Death Charmer deals combat damage to a creature, that creature's controller loses 2 life unless they pay {2}."	B	B	Prophecy	61	common	David Martin		
Fen Stalker	3B	4	Creature ? Nightstalker	Fen Stalker has fear as long as you control no untapped lands. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Prophecy	64	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Greel's Caress	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -3/-0."	B	B	Prophecy	67	common	Chippy		
Plague Fiend	1B	2	Creature ? Insect	"Whenever Plague Fiend deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature unless its controller pays {2}."	B	B	Prophecy	73	common	David Martin		
Whipstitched Zombie	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Whipstitched Zombie unless you pay {B}."	B	B	Prophecy	81	common	Mark Tedin		
Branded Brawlers	R	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Branded Brawlers can't attack if defending player controls an untapped land.
Branded Brawlers can't block if you control an untapped land."	R	R	Prophecy	84	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Fault Riders	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Sacrifice a land: Fault Riders gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	R	R	Prophecy	88	common	Dave Dorman		
Keldon Berserker	3R	4	Creature ? Human Soldier Berserker	"Whenever Keldon Berserker attacks, if you control no untapped lands, it gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Prophecy	93	common	Paolo Parente		
Latulla's Orders	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to defending player, you may destroy target artifact that player controls."	R	R	Prophecy	96	common	Ben Thompson		
Spur Grappler	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	Spur Grappler gets +2/+1 as long as you control no untapped lands.	R	R	Prophecy	104	common	Randy Gallegos		
Zerapa Minotaur	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur	"First strike
{2}: Zerapa Minotaur loses first strike until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	R	R	Prophecy	108	common	Mark Zug		
Marsh Boa	G	1	Creature ? Snake	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Prophecy	118	common	Heather Hudson		
Pygmy Razorback	1G	2	Creature ? Boar	Trample	G	G	Prophecy	120	common	Matt Cavotta		
Silt Crawler	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"When Silt Crawler enters the battlefield, tap all lands you control."	G	G	Prophecy	123	common	Arnie Swekel		
Thresher Beast	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Thresher Beast becomes blocked, defending player sacrifices a land."	G	G	Prophecy	128	common	Jeff Easley		
Vintara Elephant	4G	5	Creature ? Elephant	"Trample
{3}: Vintara Elephant loses trample until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	G	G	Prophecy	131	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Ardent Soldier	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Vigilance
If Ardent Soldier was kicked, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Invasion	3	common	Paolo Parente		
Benalish Lancer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Kicker {2}{W} (You may pay an additional {2}{W} as you cast this spell.)
If Benalish Lancer was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with first strike."	W	W	Invasion	7	common	Paolo Parente		
Capashen Unicorn	1W	2	Creature ? Unicorn	"{1}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Capashen Unicorn: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Invasion	10	common	Jerry Tiritilli		
Crimson Acolyte	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from red
{W}: Target creature gains protection from red until end of turn."	W	W	Invasion	11	common	Dany Orizio		
Glimmering Angel	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{U}: Glimmering Angel gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Invasion	17	common	Ciruelo		
Obsidian Acolyte	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from black
{W}: Target creature gains protection from black until end of turn."	W	W	Invasion	22	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Prison Barricade	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Kicker {1}{W} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} as you cast this spell.)
If Prison Barricade was kicked, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it and with ""Prison Barricade can attack as though it didn't have defender."""	W	W	Invasion	25	common	Thomas Gianni		
Rampant Elephant	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant	{G}: Target creature blocks Rampant Elephant this turn if able.	W	W	Invasion	28	common	Alan Pollack		
Strength of Unity	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Domain ? Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each basic land type among lands you control."	W	W	Invasion	40	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Sunscape Apprentice	W	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{U}, {T}: Put target creature you control on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Invasion	41	common	Stephanie Law		
Faerie Squadron	U	1	Creature ? Faerie	"Kicker {3}{U} (You may pay an additional {3}{U} as you cast this spell.)
If Faerie Squadron was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with flying."	U	U	Invasion	58	common	rk post		
Metathran Zombie	1U	2	Creature ? Metathran Zombie	{B}: Regenerate Metathran Zombie.	U	U	Invasion	63	common	Arnie Swekel		
Shoreline Raider	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk	Protection from Kavu	U	U	Invasion	73	common	Nelson DeCastro		
Stormscape Apprentice	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature.
{B}, {T}: Target player loses 1 life."	U	W	Invasion	75	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Tidal Visionary	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{T}: Target creature becomes the color of your choice until end of turn.	U	U	Invasion	80	common	Glen Angus		
Vodalian Serpent	3U	4	Creature ? Serpent	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Vodalian Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
If Vodalian Serpent was kicked, it enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Invasion	86	common	Christopher Moeller		
Bog Initiate	1B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{1}: Add {B}.	B	B	Invasion	95	common	rk post		
Duskwalker	B	1	Creature ? Human Minion	"Kicker {3}{B} (You may pay an additional {3}{B} as you cast this spell.)
If Duskwalker was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Invasion	104	common	David Martin		
Exotic Curse	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Domain ? Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 for each basic land type among lands you control."	B	B	Invasion	105	common	Dany Orizio		
Firescreamer	3B	4	Creature ? Kavu	{R}: Firescreamer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	B	R	Invasion	106	common	Alan Pollack		
Nightscape Apprentice	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Put target creature you control on top of its owner's library.
{R}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	B	U	Invasion	112	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Phyrexian Battleflies	B	1	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{B}: Phyrexian Battleflies gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than twice each turn."	B	B	Invasion	114	common	Dan Frazier		
Phyrexian Reaper	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Phyrexian Reaper becomes blocked by a green creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Invasion	117	common	Sam Wood		
Phyrexian Slayer	3B	4	Creature ? Minion	"Flying
Whenever Phyrexian Slayer becomes blocked by a white creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Invasion	118	common	Sam Wood		
Scavenged Weaponry	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Scavenged Weaponry enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1."	B	B	Invasion	123	common	Alan Pollack		
Tainted Well	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Tainted Well enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted land is a Swamp."	B	B	Invasion	126	common	Val Mayerik		
Urborg Phantom	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit Minion	"Urborg Phantom can't block.
{U}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Urborg Phantom this turn."	B	U	Invasion	132	common	Daren Bader		
Urborg Skeleton	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
{B}: Regenerate Urborg Skeleton.
If Urborg Skeleton was kicked, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Invasion	134	common	Alan Pollack		
Ancient Kavu	3R	4	Creature ? Kavu	{2}: Ancient Kavu becomes colorless until end of turn.	R	R	Invasion	136	common	Glen Angus		
Hooded Kavu	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	{B}: Hooded Kavu gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	R	R	Invasion	147	common	John Howe		
Kavu Aggressor	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Kavu Aggressor can't block.
If Kavu Aggressor was kicked, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Invasion	148	common	Christopher Moeller		
Kavu Scout	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu Scout	Domain ? Kavu Scout gets +1/+0 for each basic land type among lands you control.	R	R	Invasion	151	common	DiTerlizzi		
Pouncing Kavu	1R	2	Creature ? Kavu	"Kicker {2}{R} (You may pay an additional {2}{R} as you cast this spell.)
First strike
If Pouncing Kavu was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with haste."	R	R	Invasion	158	common	Adam Rex		
Scarred Puma	R	1	Creature ? Cat	Scarred Puma can't attack unless a black or green creature also attacks.	R	R	Invasion	163	common	Aaron Boyd		
Slimy Kavu	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	{T}: Target land becomes a Swamp until end of turn.	R	R	Invasion	170	common	Randy Gallegos		
Thunderscape Apprentice	R	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{B}, {T}: Target player loses 1 life.
{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Invasion	174	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Viashino Grappler	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino	{G}: Viashino Grappler gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Invasion	179	common	Mark Romanoski		
Llanowar Cavalry	2G	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	{W}: Llanowar Cavalry gains vigilance until end of turn.	G	W	Invasion	195	common	Eric Peterson		
Llanowar Elite	G	1	Creature ? Elf	"Kicker {8} (You may pay an additional {8} as you cast this spell.)
Trample
If Llanowar Elite was kicked, it enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Invasion	196	common	Kev Walker		
Llanowar Vanguard	2G	3	Creature ? Dryad	{T}: Llanowar Vanguard gets +0/+4 until end of turn.	G	G	Invasion	197	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Nomadic Elf	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Nomad	{1}{G}: Add one mana of any color.	G	G	Invasion	200	common	D. J. Cleland-Hura		
Pincer Spider	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
If Pincer Spider was kicked, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Invasion	201	common	Dan Frazier		
Quirion Sentinel	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Quirion Sentinel enters the battlefield, add one mana of any color."	G	G	Invasion	204	common	Heather Hudson		
Quirion Trailblazer	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Quirion Trailblazer enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Invasion	205	common	Rebecca Guay		
Thornscape Apprentice	G	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{R}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.
{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	G	W	Invasion	215	common	Randy Gallegos		
Whip Silk	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)
{G}: Return Whip Silk to its owner's hand."	G	G	Invasion	225	common	Dave Dorman		
Armadillo Cloak	1GW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has trample.
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Invasion	229	common	Paolo Parente		
Galina's Knight	WU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Knight	Protection from red	W	W	Invasion	248	common	David Martin		
Llanowar Knight	GW	2	Creature ? Elf Knight	Protection from black	W	W	Invasion	254	common	Heather Hudson		
Shivan Zombie	BR	2	Creature ? Barbarian Zombie	Protection from white	R	R	Invasion	271	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Vodalian Zombie	UB	2	Creature ? Merfolk Zombie	Protection from green	U	U	Invasion	286	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Wings of Hope	WU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3 and has flying."	W	W	Invasion	289	common	Wayne England		
Yavimaya Barbarian	RG	2	Creature ? Elf Barbarian	Protection from blue	R	R	Invasion	290	common	Don Hazeltine		
Ancient Spring		0	Land	"Ancient Spring enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
{T}, Sacrifice Ancient Spring: Add {W}{B}."		W	Invasion	319	common	Don Hazeltine		
Geothermal Crevice		0	Land	"Geothermal Crevice enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
{T}, Sacrifice Geothermal Crevice: Add {B}{G}."		R	Invasion	323	common	John Avon		
Irrigation Ditch		0	Land	"Irrigation Ditch enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
{T}, Sacrifice Irrigation Ditch: Add {G}{U}."		W	Invasion	324	common	Rob Alexander		
Tinder Farm		0	Land	"Tinder Farm enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}, Sacrifice Tinder Farm: Add {R}{W}."		W	Invasion	329	common	Rob Alexander		
Aurora Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{W}: Target permanent becomes white until end of turn."	W	W	Planeshift	2	common	Ciruelo		
Disciple of Kangee	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Target creature gains flying and becomes blue until end of turn."	W	W	Planeshift	3	common	Wayne England		
Heroic Defiance	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 unless it shares a color with the most common color among all permanents or a color tied for most common."	W	W	Planeshift	6	common	Terese Nielsen		
Hobble	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Hobble enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature can't attack.
Enchanted creature can't block if it's black."	W	W	Planeshift	7	common	Alan Pollack		
Samite Pilgrim	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Domain ? {T}: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control."	W	W	Planeshift	15	common	D. J. Cleland-Hura		
Sunscape Familiar	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Green spells and blue spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	W	W	Planeshift	17	common	Brian Despain		
Hunting Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Hunting Drake enters the battlefield, put target red or green creature on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Planeshift	27	common	Wayne England		
Sleeping Potion	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Sleeping Potion enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
When enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice Sleeping Potion."	U	U	Planeshift	34	common	Daren Bader		
Morgue Toad	2B	3	Creature ? Frog	Sacrifice Morgue Toad: Add {U}{R}.	B	U	Planeshift	46	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Phyrexian Bloodstock	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Phyrexian Bloodstock leaves the battlefield, destroy target white creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Planeshift	50	common	Mark Tedin		
Sinister Strength	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+1 and is black."	B	B	Planeshift	54	common	Terese Nielsen		
Volcano Imp	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{1}{R}: Volcano Imp gains first strike until end of turn."	B	R	Planeshift	56	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Caldera Kavu	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	"{1}{B}: Caldera Kavu gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{G}: Caldera Kavu becomes the color of your choice until end of turn."	R	R	Planeshift	58	common	Arnie Swekel		
Insolence	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, Insolence deals 2 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Planeshift	63	common	Carl Critchlow		
Kavu Recluse	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	{T}: Target land becomes a Forest until end of turn.	R	R	Planeshift	64	common	Aaron Boyd		
Keldon Mantle	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{B}: Regenerate enchanted creature.
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{G}: Enchanted creature gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Planeshift	65	common	Rebecca Guay		
Mire Kavu	3R	4	Creature ? Kavu	Mire Kavu gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Swamp.	R	R	Planeshift	67	common	Wayne England		
Slingshot Goblin	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"{R}, {T}: Slingshot Goblin deals 2 damage to target blue creature."	R	R	Planeshift	72	common	Jeff Easley		
Thunderscape Familiar	1R	2	Creature ? Kavu	"First strike
Black spells and green spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	R	R	Planeshift	76	common	Daren Bader		
Amphibious Kavu	2G	3	Creature ? Kavu	"Whenever Amphibious Kavu blocks or becomes blocked by one or more blue and/or black creatures, Amphibious Kavu gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Planeshift	78	common	Wayne England		
Root Greevil	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"{2}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Root Greevil: Destroy all enchantments of the color of your choice."	G	G	Planeshift	91	common	Andrew Robinson		
Stone Kavu	4G	5	Creature ? Kavu	"{R}: Stone Kavu gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{W}: Stone Kavu gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	G	W	Planeshift	93	common	Adam Rex		
Thornscape Familiar	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	Red spells and white spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	G	G	Planeshift	95	common	Heather Hudson		
Cavern Harpy	UB	2	Creature ? Harpy Beast	"Flying
When Cavern Harpy enters the battlefield, return a blue or black creature you control to its owner's hand.
Pay 1 life: Return Cavern Harpy to its owner's hand."	U	U	Planeshift	97	common	Daren Bader		
Lava Zombie	1BR	3	Creature ? Zombie	"When Lava Zombie enters the battlefield, return a black or red creature you control to its owner's hand.
{2}: Lava Zombie gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Planeshift	113	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Steel Leaf Paladin	4GW	6	Creature ? Elf Knight	"First strike
When Steel Leaf Paladin enters the battlefield, return a green or white creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Planeshift	127	common	Paolo Parente		
Dega Disciple	W	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.
{R}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Apocalypse	4	common	Alan Pollack		
Shield of Duty and Reason	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from green and from blue."	W	W	Apocalypse	16	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Standard Bearer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Flagbearer	"While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose at least one Flagbearer on the battlefield if able."	W	W	Apocalypse	18	common	Ron Spencer		
Whirlpool Rider	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Whirlpool Rider enters the battlefield, shuffle the cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards."	U	U	Apocalypse	35	common	Ray Lago		
Mournful Zombie	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{W}, {T}: Target player gains 1 life."	B	W	Apocalypse	43	common	John Matson		
Necra Disciple	B	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{G}, {T}: Add one mana of any color.
{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	B	W	Apocalypse	44	common	Jeff Miracola		
Bloodfire Infusion	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
{R}, Sacrifice enchanted creature: Bloodfire Infusion deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to each creature."	R	R	Apocalypse	57	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Minotaur Tactician	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur	"Haste
Minotaur Tactician gets +1/+1 as long as you control a white creature.
Minotaur Tactician gets +1/+1 as long as you control a blue creature."	R	R	Apocalypse	65	common	Carl Critchlow		
Raka Disciple	R	1	Creature ? Minotaur Wizard	"{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{U}, {T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	R	W	Apocalypse	66	common	Arnie Swekel		
Ana Disciple	G	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	G	U	Apocalypse	73	common	Darrell Riche		
Bog Gnarr	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a player casts a black spell, Bog Gnarr gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Apocalypse	76	common	Daren Bader		
Glade Gnarr	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a player casts a blue spell, Glade Gnarr gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Apocalypse	78	common	Daren Bader		
Squee's Embrace	RW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	W	W	Apocalypse	122	common	Rebecca Guay		
Hallowed Healer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Threshold ? {T}: Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	W	W	Odyssey	25	common	Ben Thompson		
Kirtar's Desire	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack.
Threshold ? Enchanted creature can't block as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	W	W	Odyssey	27	common	Pete Venters		
Tireless Tribe	W	1	Creature ? Human Nomad	Discard a card: Tireless Tribe gets +0/+4 until end of turn.	W	W	Odyssey	56	common	Carl Critchlow		
Aboshan's Desire	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Threshold ? Enchanted creature has shroud as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Odyssey	59	common	Ciruelo		
Cephalid Scout	1U	2	Creature ? Cephalid Wizard Scout	"Flying
{2}{U}, Sacrifice a land: Draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	74	common	Alan Pollack		
Psionic Gift	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to any target."""	U	U	Odyssey	95	common	Dany Orizio		
Filthy Cur	1B	2	Creature ? Hound	"Whenever Filthy Cur is dealt damage, you lose that much life."	B	B	Odyssey	136	common	Adam Rex		
Overeager Apprentice	2B	3	Creature ? Human Minion	"Discard a card, Sacrifice Overeager Apprentice: Add {B}{B}{B}."	B	B	Odyssey	154	common	Ray Lago		
Kamahl's Desire	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has first strike.
Threshold ? Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	R	R	Odyssey	199	common	Dave Dorman		
Mad Dog	1R	2	Creature ? Hound	"At the beginning of your end step, if Mad Dog didn't attack or come under your control this turn, sacrifice it."	R	R	Odyssey	202	common	Ron Spencer		
Pardic Firecat	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"Haste
If Pardic Firecat is in a graveyard, effects from spells named Flame Burst count it as a card named Flame Burst."	R	R	Odyssey	211	common	Glen Angus		
Diligent Farmhand	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Diligent Farmhand: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.
If Diligent Farmhand is in a graveyard, effects from spells named Muscle Burst count it as a card named Muscle Burst."	G	G	Odyssey	237	common	Gary Ruddell		
Druid Lyrist	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Druid Lyrist: Destroy target enchantment."	G	G	Odyssey	238	common	Mark Zug		
Krosan Archer	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{G}, Discard a card: Krosan Archer gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Odyssey	246	common	Ron Spears		
Leaf Dancer	1GG	3	Creature ? Centaur	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Odyssey	249	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Rabid Elephant	4G	5	Creature ? Elephant	"Whenever Rabid Elephant becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	G	G	Odyssey	263	common	Dave Dorman		
Springing Tiger	3G	4	Creature ? Cat	Threshold ? Springing Tiger gets +2/+2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	G	G	Odyssey	272	common	Arnie Swekel		
Wild Mongrel	1G	2	Creature ? Hound	Discard a card: Wild Mongrel gets +1/+1 and becomes the color of your choice until end of turn.	G	G	Odyssey	283	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Woodland Druid	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid		G	G	Odyssey	284	common	Rick Farrell		
Mystic Familiar	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Mystic Familiar gets +1/+1 and has protection from black."	W	W	Torment	11	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Cephalid Aristocrat	4U	5	Creature ? Cephalid	"Whenever Cephalid Aristocrat becomes the target of a spell or ability, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard."	U	U	Torment	27	common	Rob Alexander		
Coral Net	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant green or white creature
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature unless you discard a card."""	U	U	Torment	35	common	Roger Raupp		
Hydromorph Guardian	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}, Sacrifice Hydromorph Guardian: Counter target spell that targets a creature you control."	U	U	Torment	39	common	Glen Angus		
Cabal Surgeon	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Minion	"{2}{B}{B}, {T}, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Torment	52	common	Donato Giancola		
Mesmeric Fiend	1B	2	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"When Mesmeric Fiend enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand and you choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card.
When Mesmeric Fiend leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to its owner's hand."	B	B	Torment	69	common	Dana Knutson		
Barbarian Outcast	1R	2	Creature ? Human Barbarian Beast	"When you control no Swamps, sacrifice Barbarian Outcast."	R	R	Torment	92	common	Mark Tedin		
Crackling Club	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0.
Sacrifice Crackling Club: It deals 1 damage to target creature."	R	R	Torment	93	common	Mike Ploog		
Longhorn Firebeast	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Ox Beast	"When Longhorn Firebeast enters the battlefield, any opponent may have it deal 5 damage to them. If a player does, sacrifice Longhorn Firebeast."	R	R	Torment	103	common	Glen Angus		
Krosan Constrictor	3G	4	Creature ? Snake	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{T}: Target black creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	G	G	Torment	129	common	Jim Nelson		
Nantuko Calmer	2GG	4	Creature ? Insect Druid	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Nantuko Calmer: Destroy target enchantment.
Threshold ? Nantuko Calmer gets +1/+1 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Torment	132	common	Mark Romanoski		
Battlewise Aven	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Battlewise Aven gets +1/+1 and has first strike."	W	W	Judgment	4	common	Wayne England		
Cagemail	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and can't attack."	W	W	Judgment	7	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Phantom Nomad	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit Nomad	"Phantom Nomad enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Nomad, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Nomad."	W	W	Judgment	17	common	Jim Nelson		
Vigilant Sentry	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	"Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Vigilant Sentry gets +1/+1 and has ""{T}: Target attacking or blocking creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."""	W	W	Judgment	33	common	Eric Peterson		
Cabal Trainee	B	1	Creature ? Human Minion	Sacrifice Cabal Trainee: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	B	B	Judgment	63	common	Pete Venters		
Daru Cavalier	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
When Daru Cavalier enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Daru Cavalier, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	W	W	Onslaught	18	common	Dany Orizio		
Dive Bomber	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{T}, Sacrifice Dive Bomber: It deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Onslaught	26	common	Randy Gallegos		
Grassland Crusader	5W	6	Creature ? Human Cleric Soldier	{T}: Target Elf or Soldier creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Onslaught	32	common	Mark Tedin		
Gravel Slinger	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Gravel Slinger deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
Morph {1}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	33	common	Kev Walker		
Ascending Aven	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Ascending Aven can block only creatures with flying.
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	68	common	Ron Spencer		
Mistform Dreamer	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{1}: Mistform Dreamer becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Onslaught	93	common	Matthew Mitchell		
Mistform Mask	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{1}: Enchanted creature becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Onslaught	94	common	Monte Michael Moore		
Riptide Biologist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Protection from Beasts
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	106	common	Justin Sweet		
Fallen Cleric	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Protection from Clerics
Morph {4}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	145	common	Dave Dorman		
Screeching Buzzard	3B	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Screeching Buzzard dies, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Onslaught	165	common	Heather Hudson		
Shepherd of Rot	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	{T}: Each player loses 1 life for each Zombie on the battlefield.	B	B	Onslaught	168	common	Greg Staples		
Spined Basher	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Beast	Morph {2}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	B	B	Onslaught	172	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Sparksmith	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"{T}: Sparksmith deals X damage to target creature and X damage to you, where X is the number of Goblins on the battlefield."	R	R	Onslaught	235	common	Jim Nelson		
Spurred Wolverine	4R	5	Creature ? Wolverine Beast	Tap two untapped Beasts you control: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Onslaught	237	common	Daren Bader		
Birchlore Rangers	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Tap two untapped Elves you control: Add one mana of any color.
Morph {G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	248	common	Dany Orizio		
Crown of Vigor	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Sacrifice Crown of Vigor: Enchanted creature and other creatures that share a creature type with it get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Onslaught	253	common	Matt Cavotta		
Snarling Undorak	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"{2}{G}: Target Beast creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Morph {1}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	283	common	Justin Sweet		
Spitting Gourna	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Morph {4}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	284	common	Heather Hudson		
Wellwisher	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	{T}: You gain 1 life for each Elf on the battlefield.	G	G	Onslaught	300	common	Christopher Rush		
Wirewood Savage	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"Whenever a Beast enters the battlefield, you may draw a card."	G	G	Onslaught	304	common	DiTerlizzi		
Plated Sliver	W	1	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +0/+1.	W	W	Legions	19	common	Greg Staples		
Aven Envoy	U	1	Creature ? Bird Soldier	Flying	U	U	Legions	30	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Echo Tracer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Echo Tracer is turned face up, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Legions	37	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Glintwing Invoker	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard Mutant	{7}{U}: Glintwing Invoker gets +3/+3 and gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Legions	40	common	Jim Nelson		
Voidmage Apprentice	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {2}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Voidmage Apprentice is turned face up, counter target spell."	U	U	Legions	54	common	Jim Nelson		
Crypt Sliver	1B	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: Regenerate target Sliver."""	B	B	Legions	63	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Dripping Dead	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie	"Dripping Dead can't block.
Whenever Dripping Dead deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Legions	67	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Gempalm Polluter	5B	6	Creature ? Zombie	"Cycling {B}{B} ({B}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Gempalm Polluter, you may have target player lose life equal to the number of Zombies on the battlefield."	B	B	Legions	70	common	Dany Orizio		
Sootfeather Flock	4B	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Morph {3}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Legions	82	common	David Martin		
Vile Deacon	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Vile Deacon attacks, it gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of Clerics on the battlefield."	B	B	Legions	85	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Crested Craghorn	4R	5	Creature ? Goat Beast	"Haste
Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)"	R	R	Legions	91	common	Matt Cavotta		
Goblin Firebug	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Firebug leaves the battlefield, sacrifice a land."	R	R	Legions	98	common	Christopher Moeller		
Macetail Hystrodon	6R	7	Creature ? Beast	"First strike, haste
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Legions	106	common	Daren Bader		
Shaleskin Plower	3R	4	Creature ? Beast	"Morph {4}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Shaleskin Plower is turned face up, destroy target land."	R	R	Legions	110	common	Daren Bader		
Berserk Murlodont	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a Beast becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	G	G	Legions	117	common	Arnie Swekel		
Glowering Rogon	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Beast card you reveal in your hand.)"	G	G	Legions	128	common	Kev Walker		
Hundroog	6G	7	Creature ? Beast	"Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Legions	129	common	Wayne England		
Needleshot Gourna	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Legions	133	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Quick Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Flash
Any player may cast Sliver spells as though they had flash."	G	G	Legions	136	common	John Avon		
Stonewood Invoker	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Mutant	{7}{G}: Stonewood Invoker gets +5/+5 until end of turn.	G	G	Legions	139	common	Eric Peterson		
Timberwatch Elf	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"{T}: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of Elves on the battlefield."	G	G	Legions	140	common	Dave Dorman		
Aven Farseer	1W	2	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Whenever a permanent is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on Aven Farseer."	W	W	Scourge	3	common	Luca Zontini		
Coast Watcher	1U	2	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying, protection from green"	U	U	Scourge	30	common	Luca Zontini		
Mercurial Kite	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Mercurial Kite deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Scourge	39	common	Richard Sardinha		
Clutch of Undeath	3BB	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 as long as it's a Zombie. Otherwise, it gets -3/-3."	B	B	Scourge	61	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Vengeful Dead	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Vengeful Dead or another Zombie dies, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Scourge	80	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dragon Breath	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has haste.
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
When a creature with converted mana cost 6 or greater enters the battlefield, you may return Dragon Breath from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	R	R	Scourge	86	common	Greg Staples		
Uncontrolled Infestation	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant nonbasic land
When enchanted land becomes tapped, destroy it."	R	R	Scourge	108	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Fierce Empath	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"When Fierce Empath enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost 6 or greater, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Scourge	119	common	Alan Pollack		
Angelic Curator	1W	2	Creature ? Angel Spirit	"Flying, protection from artifacts"	W	W	Urza's Legacy	1	common	Greg Staples		
Cessation	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack.
When Cessation is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Cessation to its owner's hand."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	4	common	Mark Zug		
Defender of Law	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flash
Protection from red"	W	W	Urza's Legacy	5	common	Carl Critchlow		
Devout Harpist	W	1	Creature ? Human	{T}: Destroy target Aura attached to a creature.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	6	common	Rebecca Guay		
Expendable Troops	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}, Sacrifice Expendable Troops: It deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	8	common	Carl Critchlow		
Bouncing Beebles	2U	3	Creature ? Beeble	Bouncing Beebles can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an artifact.	U	U	Urza's Legacy	28	common	Jeff Miracola		
Slow Motion	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player sacrifices that creature unless they pay {2}.
When Slow Motion is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Slow Motion to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	42	common	Todd Lockwood		
Thornwind Faeries	1UU	3	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
{T}: Thornwind Faeries deals 1 damage to any target."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	44	common	Rebecca Guay		
Vigilant Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{2}{U}: Untap Vigilant Drake."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	46	common	Greg Staples		
Weatherseed Faeries	2U	3	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying, protection from red"	U	U	Urza's Legacy	48	common	Don Hazeltine		
Fog of Gnats	BB	2	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{B}: Regenerate Fog of Gnats."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	53	common	Jeff Miracola		
Phyrexian Broodlings	1BB	3	Creature ? Minion	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Phyrexian Broodlings."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	58	common	Daren Bader		
Phyrexian Denouncer	1B	2	Creature ? Carrier	"{T}, Sacrifice Phyrexian Denouncer: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	61	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Sleeper's Guile	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
When Sleeper's Guile is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Sleeper's Guile to its owner's hand."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	67	common	Daren Bader		
Defender of Chaos	2R	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flash
Protection from white"	R	R	Urza's Legacy	75	common	Carl Critchlow		
Ghitu Slinger	2R	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	"Echo {2}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Ghitu Slinger enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	77	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Goblin Medics	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Whenever Goblin Medics becomes tapped, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	79	common	Jeff Laubenstein		
Granite Grip	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 for each Mountain you control."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	81	common	Mike Raabe		
Pygmy Pyrosaur	1R	2	Creature ? Lizard	"Pygmy Pyrosaur can't block.
{R}: Pygmy Pyrosaur gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	87	common	Dan Frazier		
Sluggishness	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't block.
When Sluggishness is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Sluggishness to its owner's hand."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	92	common	Pete Venters		
Viashino Bey	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino	"If Viashino Bey attacks, all creatures you control attack if able."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	93	common	Bradley Williams		
Multani's Acolyte	GG	2	Creature ? Elf	"Echo {G}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Multani's Acolyte enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	108	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Simian Grunts	2G	3	Creature ? Ape	"Flash
Echo {2}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Urza's Legacy	113	common	Pete Venters		
Weatherseed Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf	{T}: Target creature gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Urza's Legacy	115	common	Heather Hudson		
Capashen Standard	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
{2}, Sacrifice Capashen Standard: Draw a card."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	4	common	Todd Lockwood		
Capashen Templar	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	{W}: Capashen Templar gets +0/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Urza's Destiny	5	common	Todd Lockwood		
Field Surgeon	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	Tap an untapped creature you control: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.	W	W	Urza's Destiny	8	common	Heather Hudson		
Mask of Law and Grace	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from black and from red."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	11	common	Kev Walker		
Reliquary Monk	2W	3	Creature ? Human Monk Cleric	"When Reliquary Monk dies, destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	14	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Fledgling Osprey	U	1	Creature ? Bird	Fledgling Osprey has flying as long as it's enchanted.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	33	common	Heather Hudson		
Metathran Soldier	1U	2	Creature ? Metathran Soldier	Metathran Soldier can't be blocked.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	39	common	Paolo Parente		
Sigil of Sleep	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to a player, return target creature that player controls to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	46	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Telepathic Spies	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Telepathic Spies enters the battlefield, look at target opponent's hand."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	47	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Chime of Night	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Chime of Night is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	56	common	Pete Venters		
Disease Carriers	2BB	4	Creature ? Rat	"When Disease Carriers dies, target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	57	common	Chippy & Matthew D. Wilson		
Dying Wail	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, target player discards two cards."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	58	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Phyrexian Monitor	3B	4	Creature ? Skeleton	{B}: Regenerate Phyrexian Monitor.	B	B	Urza's Destiny	64	common	Carl Critchlow		
Slinking Skirge	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{2}, Sacrifice Slinking Skirge: Draw a card."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	71	common	Ron Spencer		
Squirming Mass	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Urza's Destiny	73	common	Ron Spencer		
Colos Yearling	2R	3	Creature ? Goat Beast	"Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)
{R}: Colos Yearling gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	79	common	Patrick Ho		
Goblin Gardener	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Gardener dies, destroy target land."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	84	common	Dan Frazier		
Hulking Ogre	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre	Hulking Ogre can't block.	R	R	Urza's Destiny	87	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Keldon Vandals	2R	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Echo {2}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Keldon Vandals enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	91	common	Greg Staples		
Mark of Fury	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has haste.
At the beginning of the end step, return Mark of Fury to its owner's hand."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	93	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Wild Colos	2R	3	Creature ? Goat Beast	Haste	R	R	Urza's Destiny	100	common	Marc Fishman		
Elvish Lookout	G	1	Creature ? Elf	Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Urza's Destiny	103	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Goliath Beetle	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	Trample	G	G	Urza's Destiny	107	common	Don Hazeltine		
Marker Beetles	1GG	3	Creature ? Insect	"When Marker Beetles dies, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{2}, Sacrifice Marker Beetles: Draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	112	common	Ron Spencer		
Plated Spider	4G	5	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Urza's Destiny	116	common	Ron Spencer		
Alabaster Wall	2W	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	2	common	Randy Gallegos		
Devout Witness	2W	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	17	common	Don Hazeltine		
Inviolability	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	23	common	DiTerlizzi		
Muzzle	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Prevent all damage that would be dealt by enchanted creature."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	30	common	Matt Cavotta		
Pious Warrior	3W	4	Creature ? Human Rebel Warrior	"Whenever Pious Warrior is dealt combat damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	34	common	Jeff Miracola		
Balloon Peddler	2U	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	59	common	Paolo Parente		
Buoyancy	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	63	common	Jeff Miracola		
Darting Merfolk	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk	{U}: Return Darting Merfolk to its owner's hand.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	72	common	Sam Wood		
Saprazzan Outrigger	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Saprazzan Outrigger attacks or blocks, put it on top of its owner's library at end of combat."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	101	common	Doug Chaffee		
Waterfront Bouncer	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Spellshaper	"{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	114	common	Paolo Parente		
Alley Grifters	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"Whenever Alley Grifters becomes blocked, defending player discards a card."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	115	common	Paolo Parente		
Cateran Brute	2B	3	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"{2}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 2 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	120	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Insubordination	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the end step of enchanted creature's controller, Insubordination deals 2 damage to that player unless that creature attacked this turn."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	141	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Skulking Fugitive	2B	3	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"When Skulking Fugitive becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	161	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Soul Channeling	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Pay 2 life: Regenerate enchanted creature."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	163	common	DiTerlizzi		
Cave Sense	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has mountainwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)"	R	R	Mercadian Masques	179	common	Mark Romanoski		
Cavern Crawler	2R	3	Creature ? Insect	"Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)
{R}: Cavern Crawler gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	181	common	Pete Venters		
Flaming Sword	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has first strike."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	190	common	Randy Gallegos		
Kris Mage	R	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Kris Mage deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	195	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Kyren Glider	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Flying
Kyren Glider can't block."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	196	common	Daren Bader		
Kyren Sniper	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have Kyren Sniper deal 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	199	common	Carl Critchlow		
Lightning Hounds	2RR	4	Creature ? Hound	First strike	R	R	Mercadian Masques	201	common	Andrew Robinson		
Deepwood Drummer	1G	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	239	common	Ron Spears		
Rushwood Herbalist	2G	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Regenerate target creature."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	265	common	Terese Nielsen		
Sacred Prey	G	1	Creature ? Horse	"Whenever Sacred Prey becomes blocked, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	268	common	Rebecca Guay		
Silverglade Elemental	4G	5	Creature ? Elemental	"When Silverglade Elemental enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	269	common	Chippy		
Snorting Gahr	2GG	4	Creature ? Rhino Beast	"Whenever Snorting Gahr becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	272	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Tiger Claws	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	279	common	Adam Rex		
Venomous Dragonfly	3G	4	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Whenever Venomous Dragonfly blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	282	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Lashknife	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"If you control a Plains, you may tap an untapped creature you control rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has first strike."	W	W	Nemesis	9	common	Hannibal King		
Lawbringer	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Rebel	"{T}, Sacrifice Lawbringer: Exile target red creature."	W	W	Nemesis	10	common	Matt Cavotta		
Lightbringer	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Rebel	"{T}, Sacrifice Lightbringer: Exile target black creature."	W	W	Nemesis	11	common	Paolo Parente		
Silkenfist Fighter	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"Whenever Silkenfist Fighter becomes blocked, untap it."	W	W	Nemesis	19	common	Mark Brill		
Parallax Dementia	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Fading 1 (This enchantment enters the battlefield with one fade counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Enchanted creature gets +3/+2.
When Parallax Dementia leaves the battlefield, destroy enchanted creature. That creature can't be regenerated."	B	B	Nemesis	62	common	Eric Peterson		
Plague Witch	1B	2	Creature ? Elf Spellshaper	"{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Nemesis	66	common	Nelson DeCastro		
Blastoderm	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Fading 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)"	G	G	Nemesis	102	common	Eric Peterson		
Mossdog	G	1	Creature ? Plant Hound	"Whenever Mossdog becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, put a +1/+1 counter on Mossdog."	G	G	Nemesis	106	common	Matt Cavotta		
Skyshroud Cutter	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"If you control a Forest, rather than pay this spell's mana cost, you may have each other player gain 5 life."	G	G	Nemesis	118	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Jolrael's Favor	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
{1}{G}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	G	G	Prophecy	116	common	Daren Bader		
Rib Cage Spider	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Prophecy	121	common	Dana Knutson		
Benalish Trapper	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Invasion	8	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Dream Thrush	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{T}: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Invasion	53	common	D. J. Cleland-Hura		
Traveler's Cloak	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Traveler's Cloak enters the battlefield, choose a land type.
When Traveler's Cloak enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has landwalk of the chosen type. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a land of that type.)"	U	U	Invasion	83	common	Rebecca Guay		
Vodalian Merchant	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Vodalian Merchant enters the battlefield, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Invasion	85	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Mourning	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-0.
{B}: Return Mourning to its owner's hand."	B	B	Invasion	111	common	Terese Nielsen		
Serpentine Kavu	4G	5	Creature ? Kavu	{R}: Serpentine Kavu gains haste until end of turn.	G	R	Invasion	211	common	Heather Hudson		
Sulfur Vent		0	Land	"Sulfur Vent enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
{T}, Sacrifice Sulfur Vent: Add {U}{R}."		U	Invasion	328	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Honorable Scout	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier Scout	"When Honorable Scout enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life for each black and/or red creature target opponent controls."	W	W	Planeshift	8	common	Mike Ploog		
Arctic Merfolk	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk	"Kicker?Return a creature you control to its owner's hand. (You may return a creature you control to its owner's hand in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
If Arctic Merfolk was kicked, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Planeshift	21	common	Ron Spears		
Sea Snidd	4U	5	Creature ? Beast	{T}: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.	U	U	Planeshift	31	common	Chippy		
Sisay's Ingenuity	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Sisay's Ingenuity enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has ""{2}{U}: Target creature becomes the color of your choice until end of turn."""	U	U	Planeshift	33	common	Paolo Parente		
Nightscape Familiar	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Blue spells and red spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Nightscape Familiar."	B	B	Planeshift	48	common	Jeff Easley		
Pygmy Kavu	3G	4	Creature ? Kavu	"When Pygmy Kavu enters the battlefield, draw a card for each black creature your opponents control."	G	G	Planeshift	88	common	Greg Staples		
Quirion Explorer	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid Scout	{T}: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.	G	G	Planeshift	90	common	Ron Spears		
Horned Kavu	RG	2	Creature ? Kavu	"When Horned Kavu enters the battlefield, return a red or green creature you control to its owner's hand."	R	R	Planeshift	110	common	Michael Sutfin		
Silver Drake	1WU	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Silver Drake enters the battlefield, return a white or blue creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Planeshift	125	common	Alan Pollack		
Angelfire Crusader	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier Knight	{R}: Angelfire Crusader gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	W	W	Apocalypse	1	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Coalition Honor Guard	3W	4	Creature ? Human Flagbearer	"While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose at least one Flagbearer on the battlefield if able."	W	W	Apocalypse	3	common	Eric Peterson		
Helionaut	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."	W	W	Apocalypse	13	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Manacles of Decay	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack.
{B}: Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
{R}: Enchanted creature can't block this turn."	W	W	Apocalypse	14	common	Gary Ruddell		
Ceta Disciple	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{R}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
{G}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."	U	U	Apocalypse	19	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Coastal Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{1}{U}, {T}: Return target Kavu to its owner's hand."	U	U	Apocalypse	22	common	John Gallagher		
Living Airship	3U	4	Creature ? Metathran	"Flying
{2}{G}: Regenerate Living Airship."	U	U	Apocalypse	28	common	Mark Tedin		
Reef Shaman	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	{T}: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.	U	U	Apocalypse	29	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Quagmire Druid	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Druid	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target enchantment."	B	G	Apocalypse	51	common	Dana Knutson		
Zombie Boa	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Snake	"{1}{B}: Choose a color. Whenever Zombie Boa becomes blocked by a creature of that color this turn, destroy that creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Apocalypse	54	common	Greg Staples		
Bloodfire Dwarf	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf	"{R}, Sacrifice Bloodfire Dwarf: It deals 1 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Apocalypse	56	common	Ron Spencer		
Kavu Glider	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	"{W}: Kavu Glider gets +0/+1 until end of turn.
{U}: Kavu Glider gains flying until end of turn."	R	W	Apocalypse	64	common	Heather Hudson		
Tundra Kavu	2R	3	Creature ? Kavu	{T}: Target land becomes a Plains or an Island until end of turn.	R	R	Apocalypse	71	common	Matt Cavotta		
Penumbra Bobcat	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"When Penumbra Bobcat dies, create a 2/1 black Cat creature token."	G	G	Apocalypse	82	common	Heather Hudson		
Savage Gorilla	4G	5	Creature ? Ape	"{U}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Savage Gorilla: Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. Draw a card."	G	U	Apocalypse	85	common	Dave Dorman		
Urborg Elf	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add {B}, {G}, or {U}."	G	U	Apocalypse	90	common	Bob Petillo		
Gaea's Skyfolk	GU	2	Creature ? Elf Merfolk	Flying	U	U	Apocalypse	101	common	Terese Nielsen		
Goblin Legionnaire	RW	2	Creature ? Goblin Soldier	"{R}, Sacrifice Goblin Legionnaire: It deals 2 damage to any target.
{W}, Sacrifice Goblin Legionnaire: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Apocalypse	103	common	Mark Romanoski		
Llanowar Dead	BG	2	Creature ? Zombie Elf	{T}: Add {B}.	G	G	Apocalypse	109	common	Ben Thompson		
Putrid Warrior	WB	2	Creature ? Zombie Soldier Warrior	"Whenever Putrid Warrior deals damage, choose one ?
? Each player loses 1 life.
? Each player gains 1 life."	W	W	Apocalypse	117	common	Ray Lago		
Quicksilver Dagger	1UR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker. You draw a card."""	U	U	Apocalypse	118	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Razorfin Hunter	UR	2	Creature ? Merfolk Goblin	{T}: Razorfin Hunter deals 1 damage to any target.	U	U	Apocalypse	119	common	Jeff Easley		
Soul Link	1WB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, you gain that much life.
Whenever enchanted creature is dealt damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Apocalypse	120	common	Jeff Easley		
Confessor	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever a player discards a card, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Odyssey	15	common	John Avon		
Dedicated Martyr	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, Sacrifice Dedicated Martyr: You gain 3 life."	W	W	Odyssey	16	common	Dave Dorman		
Mystic Visionary	1W	2	Creature ? Human Nomad Mystic	Threshold ? Mystic Visionary has flying as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	W	W	Odyssey	35	common	Matt Cavotta		
Mystic Zealot	3W	4	Creature ? Human Nomad Mystic	"Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Mystic Zealot gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Odyssey	36	common	Paolo Parente		
Patrol Hound	1W	2	Creature ? Hound	Discard a card: Patrol Hound gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Odyssey	38	common	Daren Bader		
Pilgrim of Justice	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from red
{W}, Sacrifice Pilgrim of Justice: The next time a red source of your choice would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	40	common	Dany Orizio		
Pilgrim of Virtue	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from black
{W}, Sacrifice Pilgrim of Virtue: The next time a black source of your choice would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	41	common	Massimilano Frezzato		
Dreamwinder	3U	4	Creature ? Serpent	"Dreamwinder can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
{U}, Sacrifice an Island: Target land becomes an Island until end of turn."	U	U	Odyssey	83	common	Wayne England		
Escape Artist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Escape Artist can't be blocked.
{U}, Discard a card: Return Escape Artist to its owner's hand."	U	U	Odyssey	84	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Immobilizing Ink	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Enchanted creature has ""{1}, Discard a card: Untap this creature."""	U	U	Odyssey	87	common	Darrell Riche		
Phantom Whelp	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion Hound	"When Phantom Whelp attacks or blocks, return it to its owner's hand at end of combat. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	U	U	Odyssey	93	common	Wayne England		
Thought Nibbler	U	1	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
Your maximum hand size is reduced by two."	U	U	Odyssey	107	common	Arnie Swekel		
Cabal Inquisitor	1B	2	Creature ? Human Minion	"Threshold ? {1}{B}, {T}, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery and only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Odyssey	119	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dirty Wererat	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rat Minion	"{B}, Discard a card: Regenerate Dirty Wererat.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Dirty Wererat gets +2/+2 and can't block."	B	B	Odyssey	130	common	Daren Bader		
Fledgling Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"{B}, Discard a card: Fledgling Imp gains flying until end of turn."	B	B	Odyssey	137	common	John Matson		
Frightcrawler	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Frightcrawler gets +2/+2 and can't block."	B	B	Odyssey	138	common	Matt Cavotta		
Patriarch's Desire	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-2.
Threshold ? Enchanted creature gets an additional +2/-2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Odyssey	156	common	Eric Peterson		
Whispering Shade	3B	4	Creature ? Shade	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
{B}: Whispering Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Odyssey	167	common	Daren Bader		
Zombie Assassin	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Assassin	"{T}, Exile two cards from your graveyard and Zombie Assassin: Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Odyssey	168	common	Pete Venters		
Zombie Cannibal	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Zombie Cannibal deals combat damage to a player, you may exile target card from that player's graveyard."	B	B	Odyssey	169	common	Adam Rex		
Barbarian Lunatic	2R	3	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"{2}{R}, Sacrifice Barbarian Lunatic: It deals 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Odyssey	175	common	Ron Spears		
Chainflinger	3R	4	Creature ? Beast	"{1}{R}, {T}: Chainflinger deals 1 damage to any target.
Threshold ? {2}{R}, {T}: Chainflinger deals 2 damage to any target. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	R	R	Odyssey	181	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Dwarven Grunt	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Odyssey	185	common	Mike Ploog		
Halberdier	3R	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	First strike	R	R	Odyssey	196	common	Ben Thompson		
Pardic Swordsmith	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf	"{R}, Discard a card at random: Pardic Swordsmith gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Odyssey	213	common	Bob Petillo		
Krosan Avenger	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Trample
Threshold ? {1}{G}: Regenerate Krosan Avenger. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Odyssey	247	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Primal Frenzy	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has trample."	G	G	Odyssey	262	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Seton's Desire	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, all creatures able to block enchanted creature do so."	G	G	Odyssey	268	common	Ciruelo		
Werebear	1G	2	Creature ? Human Bear Druid	"{T}: Add {G}.
Threshold ? Werebear gets +3/+3 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Odyssey	282	common	Carl Critchlow		
Abandoned Outpost		0	Land	"Abandoned Outpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
{T}, Sacrifice Abandoned Outpost: Add one mana of any color."		W	Odyssey	312	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Bog Wreckage		0	Land	"Bog Wreckage enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
{T}, Sacrifice Bog Wreckage: Add one mana of any color."		B	Odyssey	314	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Ravaged Highlands		0	Land	"Ravaged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
{T}, Sacrifice Ravaged Highlands: Add one mana of any color."		R	Odyssey	324	common	David Martin		
Seafloor Debris		0	Land	"Seafloor Debris enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
{T}, Sacrifice Seafloor Debris: Add one mana of any color."		U	Odyssey	325	common	Larry Elmore		
Timberland Ruins		0	Land	"Timberland Ruins enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}, Sacrifice Timberland Ruins: Add one mana of any color."		G	Odyssey	330	common	Alan Pollack		
Aven Trooper	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{2}{W}, Discard a card: Aven Trooper gets +1/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Torment	2	common	Greg Staples		
Floating Shield	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Floating Shield enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Enchanted creature has protection from the chosen color. This effect doesn't remove Floating Shield.
Sacrifice Floating Shield: Target creature gains protection from the chosen color until end of turn."	W	W	Torment	5	common	Keith Garletts		
Militant Monk	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Monk Cleric	"Vigilance
{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Torment	9	common	Mark Brill		
Teroh's Faithful	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Teroh's Faithful enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Torment	18	common	Tim Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Aquamoeba	1U	2	Creature ? Elemental Beast	Discard a card: Switch Aquamoeba's power and toughness until end of turn.	U	U	Torment	24	common	Arnie Swekel		
Cephalid Snitch	1U	2	Creature ? Cephalid Wizard	Sacrifice Cephalid Snitch: Target creature loses protection from black until end of turn.	U	U	Torment	30	common	Jerry Tiritilli		
Skywing Aven	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Discard a card: Return Skywing Aven to its owner's hand."	U	U	Torment	47	common	Matt Cavotta		
Cabal Torturer	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Minion	"{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Threshold ? {3}{B}{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Torment	53	common	Pete Venters		
Carrion Rats	B	1	Creature ? Rat	"Whenever Carrion Rats attacks or blocks, any player may exile a card from their graveyard. If a player does, Carrion Rats assigns no combat damage this turn."	B	B	Torment	54	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Gravegouger	2B	3	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"When Gravegouger enters the battlefield, exile up to two target cards from a single graveyard.
When Gravegouger leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to their owner's graveyard."	B	B	Torment	62	common	Daren Bader		
Organ Grinder	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{T}, Exile three cards from your graveyard: Target player loses 3 life."	B	B	Torment	75	common	Adam Rex		
Putrid Imp	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Imp	"Discard a card: Putrid Imp gains flying until end of turn.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Putrid Imp gets +1/+1 and can't block."	B	B	Torment	77	common	Wayne England		
Shade's Form	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{B}: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.""
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Torment	81	common	Clyde Caldwell		
Soul Scourge	4B	5	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"Flying
When Soul Scourge enters the battlefield, target player loses 3 life.
When Soul Scourge leaves the battlefield, that player gains 3 life."	B	B	Torment	85	common	Carl Critchlow		
Enslaved Dwarf	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf	"{R}, Sacrifice Enslaved Dwarf: Target black creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Torment	96	common	Terese Nielsen		
Pardic Lancer	4R	5	Creature ? Human Barbarian	Discard a card at random: Pardic Lancer gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Torment	107	common	Justin Sweet		
Petravark	3R	4	Creature ? Nightmare Beast	"When Petravark enters the battlefield, exile target land.
When Petravark leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	R	R	Torment	109	common	Wayne England		
Basking Rootwalla	G	1	Creature ? Lizard	"{1}{G}: Basking Rootwalla gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.
Madness {0} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Torment	121	common	Heather Hudson		
Centaur Veteran	5G	6	Creature ? Centaur	"Trample
{G}, Discard a card: Regenerate Centaur Veteran."	G	G	Torment	123	common	Mark Zug		
Krosan Restorer	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"{T}: Untap target land.
Threshold ? {T}: Untap up to three target lands. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Torment	130	common	Clyde Caldwell		
Benevolent Bodyguard	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	Sacrifice Benevolent Bodyguard: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Judgment	5	common	Roger Raupp		
Border Patrol	4W	5	Creature ? Human Nomad	Vigilance	W	W	Judgment	6	common	Roger Raupp		
Shieldmage Advocate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Return target card from an opponent's graveyard to their hand. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to any target this turn by a source of your choice.	W	W	Judgment	22	common	Christopher Moeller		
Trained Pronghorn	1W	2	Creature ? Antelope	Discard a card: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Trained Pronghorn this turn.	W	W	Judgment	30	common	John Matson		
Aven Fogbringer	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
When Aven Fogbringer enters the battlefield, return target land to its owner's hand."	U	U	Judgment	34	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Hapless Researcher	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Sacrifice Hapless Researcher: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Judgment	42	common	Ron Spears		
Lost in Thought	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated. Its controller may exile three cards from their graveyard for that player to ignore this effect until end of turn."	U	U	Judgment	45	common	Ben Thompson		
Mirror Wall	3U	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{W}: Mirror Wall can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender."	U	W	Judgment	47	common	Mark Brill		
Wormfang Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Nightmare Drake	"Flying
When Wormfang Drake enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile a creature you control other than Wormfang Drake.
When Wormfang Drake leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	U	U	Judgment	57	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Wormfang Newt	1U	2	Creature ? Nightmare Salamander Beast	"When Wormfang Newt enters the battlefield, exile a land you control.
When Wormfang Newt leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	U	U	Judgment	59	common	Doug Chaffee		
Earsplitting Rats	3B	4	Creature ? Rat	"When Earsplitting Rats enters the battlefield, each player discards a card.
Discard a card: Regenerate Earsplitting Rats."	B	B	Judgment	65	common	Heather Hudson		
Treacherous Werewolf	2B	3	Creature ? Werewolf Minion	"Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Treacherous Werewolf gets +2/+2 and has ""When Treacherous Werewolf dies, you lose 4 life."""	B	B	Judgment	76	common	Mark Tedin		
Barbarian Bully	2R	3	Creature ? Human Barbarian	Discard a card at random: Barbarian Bully gets +2/+2 until end of turn unless a player has Barbarian Bully deal 4 damage to them. Activate this ability only once each turn.	R	R	Judgment	79	common	Mike Ploog		
Dwarven Scorcher	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf	Sacrifice Dwarven Scorcher: Dwarven Scorcher deals 1 damage to target creature unless that creature's controller has Dwarven Scorcher deal 2 damage to them.	R	R	Judgment	86	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Goretusk Firebeast	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental Boar Beast	"When Goretusk Firebeast enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Judgment	91	common	Keith Garletts		
Liberated Dwarf	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf	"{R}, Sacrifice Liberated Dwarf: Target green creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Judgment	95	common	Greg Hildebrandt		
Spellgorger Barbarian	3R	4	Creature ? Human Nightmare Barbarian	"When Spellgorger Barbarian enters the battlefield, discard a card at random.
When Spellgorger Barbarian leaves the battlefield, draw a card."	R	R	Judgment	100	common	Mark Romanoski		
Anurid Barkripper	1GG	3	Creature ? Frog Beast	Threshold ? Anurid Barkripper gets +2/+2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	G	G	Judgment	104	common	Randy Gallegos		
Battlefield Scrounger	3GG	5	Creature ? Centaur	Threshold ? Put three cards from your graveyard on the bottom of your library: Battlefield Scrounger gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn and only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	G	G	Judgment	106	common	Daren Bader		
Centaur Rootcaster	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Druid	"Whenever Centaur Rootcaster deals combat damage to a player, you may search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Judgment	109	common	Eric Peterson		
Giant Warthog	5G	6	Creature ? Boar Beast	Trample	G	G	Judgment	118	common	Kev Walker		
Harvester Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Add one mana of any color that a land you control could produce.	G	G	Judgment	120	common	David Martin		
Krosan Wayfarer	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	Sacrifice Krosan Wayfarer: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	G	G	Judgment	123	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Nantuko Tracer	1G	2	Creature ? Insect Druid	"When Nantuko Tracer enters the battlefield, you may put target card from a graveyard on the bottom of its owner's library."	G	G	Judgment	125	common	Greg Staples		
Nullmage Advocate	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Druid	{T}: Return two target cards from an opponent's graveyard to their hand. Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Judgment	126	common	Darrell Riche		
Phantom Tiger	2G	3	Creature ? Cat Spirit	"Phantom Tiger enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Tiger, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Tiger."	G	G	Judgment	129	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Battlefield Medic	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn, where X is the number of Clerics on the battlefield."	W	W	Onslaught	9	common	Matt Thompson		
Crown of Awe	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from black and from red.
Sacrifice Crown of Awe: Enchanted creature and other creatures that share a creature type with it gain protection from black and from red until end of turn."	W	W	Onslaught	16	common	Randy Elliott		
Daru Healer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Morph {W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	19	common	Dany Orizio		
Daru Lancer	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Morph {2}{W}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	20	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Daunting Defender	4W	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	"If a source would deal damage to a Cleric creature you control, prevent 1 of that damage."	W	W	Onslaught	21	common	Carl Critchlow		
Foothill Guide	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from Goblins
Morph {W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	29	common	Eric Peterson		
Gustcloak Harrier	1WW	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Whenever Gustcloak Harrier becomes blocked, you may untap it and remove it from combat."	W	W	Onslaught	34	common	Dan Frazier		
Gustcloak Runner	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Gustcloak Runner becomes blocked, you may untap it and remove it from combat."	W	W	Onslaught	35	common	Glen Angus		
Sandskin	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by enchanted creature."	W	W	Onslaught	52	common	Glen Angus		
Crown of Ascension	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Sacrifice Crown of Ascension: Enchanted creature and other creatures that share a creature type with it gain flying until end of turn."	U	U	Onslaught	78	common	Bradley Williams		
Disruptive Pitmage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	81	common	Darrell Riche		
Imagecrafter	U	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Choose a creature type other than Wall. Target creature becomes that type until end of turn.	U	U	Onslaught	87	common	Terese Nielsen		
Information Dealer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of Wizards on the battlefield, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Onslaught	88	common	Jerry Tiritilli		
Mistform Wall	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion Wall	"Mistform Wall has defender as long as it's a Wall.
{1}: Mistform Wall becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Onslaught	99	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Screaming Seahawk	4U	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Screaming Seahawk enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Screaming Seahawk, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	U	U	Onslaught	112	common	Heather Hudson		
Slipstream Eel	5UU	7	Creature ? Fish Beast	"Slipstream Eel can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
Cycling {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Onslaught	114	common	Mark Tedin		
Accursed Centaur	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Centaur	"When Accursed Centaur enters the battlefield, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Onslaught	123	common	Jerry Tiritilli		
Samite Archer	1WU	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Archer	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{T}: Samite Archer deals 1 damage to any target."	W	W	Invasion	269	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Vicious Kavu	1BR	3	Creature ? Kavu	"Whenever Vicious Kavu attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Invasion	284	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Bloodstone Cameo	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {B} or {R}.		R	Invasion	298	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Drake-Skull Cameo	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {U} or {B}.		U	Invasion	302	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Seashell Cameo	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {W} or {U}.		W	Invasion	311	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Sparring Golem	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Whenever Sparring Golem becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."			Invasion	312	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Tigereye Cameo	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {G} or {W}.		W	Invasion	314	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Troll-Horn Cameo	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {R} or {G}.		R	Invasion	316	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Sunscape Battlemage	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{G} and/or {2}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} and/or {2}{U} as you cast this spell.)
When Sunscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {1}{G} kicker, destroy target creature with flying.
When Sunscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {2}{U} kicker, draw two cards."	W	W	Planeshift	16	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Stormscape Battlemage	2U	3	Creature ? Metathran Wizard	"Kicker {W} and/or {2}{B} (You may pay an additional {W} and/or {2}{B} as you cast this spell.)
When Stormscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {W} kicker, you gain 3 life.
When Stormscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {2}{B} kicker, destroy target nonblack creature. That creature can't be regenerated."	U	W	Planeshift	35	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Nightscape Battlemage	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"Kicker {2}{U} and/or {2}{R} (You may pay an additional {2}{U} and/or {2}{R} as you cast this spell.)
When Nightscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {2}{U} kicker, return up to two target nonblack creatures to their owners' hands.
When Nightscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {2}{R} kicker, destroy target land."	B	U	Planeshift	47	uncommon	Andrew Goldhawk		
Thunderscape Battlemage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{B} and/or {G} (You may pay an additional {1}{B} and/or {G} as you cast this spell.)
When Thunderscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {1}{B} kicker, target player discards two cards.
When Thunderscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its {G} kicker, destroy target enchantment."	R	R	Planeshift	75	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Alpha Kavu	2G	3	Creature ? Kavu	{1}{G}: Target Kavu creature gets -1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Planeshift	77	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Fleetfoot Panther	1GW	3	Creature ? Cat	"Flash
When Fleetfoot Panther enters the battlefield, return a green or white creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Planeshift	108	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Haunted Angel	2W	3	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Haunted Angel dies, exile Haunted Angel and each other player creates a 3/3 black Angel creature token with flying."	W	W	Apocalypse	12	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Foul Presence	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 and has ""{T}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."""	B	B	Apocalypse	39	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Dwarven Patrol	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf	"Dwarven Patrol doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever you cast a nonred spell, untap Dwarven Patrol."	R	R	Apocalypse	61	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Ebony Treefolk	1BG	3	Creature ? Treefolk	{B}{G}: Ebony Treefolk gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Apocalypse	97	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Animal Boneyard	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."""	W	W	Odyssey	4	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Nomad Decoy	2W	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature.
Threshold ? {W}{W}, {T}: Tap two target creatures. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	W	W	Odyssey	37	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Tattoo Ward	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has protection from enchantments. This effect doesn't remove Tattoo Ward.
Sacrifice Tattoo Ward: Destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Odyssey	54	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Balshan Beguiler	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever Balshan Beguiler deals combat damage to a player, that player reveals the top two cards of their library. You choose one of those cards and put it into their graveyard."	U	U	Odyssey	66	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Infected Vermin	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	"{2}{B}: Infected Vermin deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.
Threshold ? {3}{B}: Infected Vermin deals 3 damage to each creature and each player. Activate this ability only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Odyssey	144	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Dwarven Recruiter	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf	"When Dwarven Recruiter enters the battlefield, search your library for any number of Dwarf cards and reveal those cards. Shuffle your library, then put them on top of it in any order."	R	R	Odyssey	186	uncommon	Ciruelo		
Steam Vines	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When enchanted land becomes tapped, destroy it and Steam Vines deals 1 damage to that land's controller. That player attaches Steam Vines to a land of their choice."	R	R	Odyssey	223	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Nantuko Elder	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Druid	{T}: Add {C}{G}.	G	G	Odyssey	254	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Twigwalker	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Twigwalker: Two target creatures each get +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Odyssey	279	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Lithatog	1RG	3	Creature ? Atog	"Sacrifice an artifact: Lithatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Sacrifice a land: Lithatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Odyssey	289	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Phantatog	1WU	3	Creature ? Atog	"Sacrifice an enchantment: Phantatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Discard a card: Phantatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Odyssey	291	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Psychatog	1UB	3	Creature ? Atog	"Discard a card: Psychatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Exile two cards from your graveyard: Psychatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Odyssey	292	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Sarcatog	1BR	3	Creature ? Atog	"Exile two cards from your graveyard: Sarcatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Sacrifice an artifact: Sarcatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Odyssey	293	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Thaumatog	1GW	3	Creature ? Atog	"Sacrifice a land: Thaumatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Sacrifice an enchantment: Thaumatog gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Odyssey	295	uncommon	Monte Michael Moore		
Sandstone Deadfall	3	3	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice two lands and Sandstone Deadfall: Destroy target attacking creature."			Odyssey	307	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Stern Judge	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Each player loses 1 life for each Swamp they control.	W	W	Torment	16	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Slithery Stalker	1BB	3	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
When Slithery Stalker enters the battlefield, exile target green or white creature an opponent controls.
When Slithery Stalker leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	B	B	Torment	84	uncommon	John Avon		
Zombie Trailblazer	BBB	3	Creature ? Zombie Scout	"Tap an untapped Zombie you control: Target land becomes a Swamp until end of turn.
Tap an untapped Zombie you control: Target creature gains swampwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)"	B	B	Torment	89	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pitchstone Wall	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever you discard a card, you may sacrifice Pitchstone Wall. If you do, return the discarded card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Torment	110	uncommon	David Martin		
Anurid Scavenger	2G	3	Creature ? Frog Beast	"Protection from black
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Anurid Scavenger unless you put a card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library."	G	G	Torment	119	uncommon	Bob Petillo		
Unquestioned Authority	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Unquestioned Authority enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has protection from creatures."	W	W	Judgment	31	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Cephalid Inkshrouder	2U	3	Creature ? Cephalid	Discard a card: Cephalid Inkshrouder gains shroud until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn. (A creature with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	U	U	Judgment	36	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Wormfang Turtle	2U	3	Creature ? Nightmare Turtle Beast	"When Wormfang Turtle enters the battlefield, exile a land you control.
When Wormfang Turtle leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	U	U	Judgment	60	uncommon	John Avon		
Anurid Swarmsnapper	2G	3	Creature ? Frog Beast	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{1}{G}: Anurid Swarmsnapper can block an additional creature this turn."	G	G	Judgment	105	uncommon	John Matson		
Dawning Purist	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Dawning Purist deals combat damage to a player, you may destroy target enchantment that player controls.
Morph {1}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	22	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pearlspear Courier	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"You may choose not to untap Pearlspear Courier during your untap step.
{2}{W}, {T}: Target Soldier creature gets +2/+2 and has vigilance for as long as Pearlspear Courier remains tapped."	W	W	Onslaught	48	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Aphetto Grifter	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	Tap two untapped Wizards you control: Tap target permanent.	U	U	Onslaught	65	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Fleeting Aven	1UU	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Whenever a player cycles a card, return Fleeting Aven to its owner's hand."	U	U	Onslaught	83	uncommon	Iain McCaig		
Ghosthelm Courier	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"You may choose not to untap Ghosthelm Courier during your untap step.
{2}{U}, {T}: Target Wizard creature gets +2/+2 and has shroud for as long as Ghosthelm Courier remains tapped. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Onslaught	85	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Cabal Archon	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{B}, Sacrifice a Cleric: Target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Onslaught	129	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Cabal Slaver	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever a Goblin deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Onslaught	131	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Frightshroud Courier	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"You may choose not to untap Frightshroud Courier during your untap step.
{2}{B}, {T}: Target Zombie creature gets +2/+2 and has fear for as long as Frightshroud Courier remains tapped. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Onslaught	149	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Walking Desecration	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{B}, {T}: Creatures of the creature type of your choice attack this turn if able."	B	B	Onslaught	180	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Flamestick Courier	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"You may choose not to untap Flamestick Courier during your untap step.
{2}{R}, {T}: Target Goblin creature gets +2/+2 and has haste for as long as Flamestick Courier remains tapped."	R	R	Onslaught	203	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Thoughtbound Primoc	2R	3	Creature ? Bird Beast	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, if a player controls more Wizards than each other player, the player who controls the most Wizards gains control of Thoughtbound Primoc."	R	R	Onslaught	240	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Everglove Courier	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"You may choose not to untap Everglove Courier during your untap step.
{2}{G}, {T}: Target Elf creature gets +2/+2 and has trample for as long as Everglove Courier remains tapped."	G	G	Onslaught	262	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Gempalm Sorcerer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Cycling {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Gempalm Sorcerer, Wizard creatures gain flying until end of turn."	U	U	Legions	39	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Aphetto Exterminator	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {3}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Aphetto Exterminator is turned face up, target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Legions	59	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Spectral Sliver	2B	3	Creature ? Sliver Spirit	"All Sliver creatures have ""{2}: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."""	B	B	Legions	83	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Blade Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	All Sliver creatures get +1/+0.	R	R	Legions	88	uncommon	David Martin		
Gempalm Incinerator	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"Cycling {1}{R} ({1}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Gempalm Incinerator, you may have it deal X damage to target creature, where X is the number of Goblins on the battlefield."	R	R	Legions	94	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Branchsnap Lorian	1GG	3	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Morph {G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Legions	118	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Mistform Warchief	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Creature spells you cast that share a creature type with Mistform Warchief cost {1} less to cast.
{T}: Mistform Warchief becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Scourge	43	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Pemmin's Aura	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{U}: Untap enchanted creature.
{U}: Enchanted creature gains flying until end of turn.
{U}: Enchanted creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
{1}: Enchanted creature gets +1/-1 or -1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Scourge	45	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Riptide Survivor	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {1}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Riptide Survivor is turned face up, discard two cards, then draw three cards."	U	U	Scourge	48	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Dragonspeaker Shaman	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Barbarian Shaman	Dragon spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.	R	R	Scourge	89	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Alpha Status	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 for each other creature on the battlefield that shares a creature type with it."	G	G	Scourge	110	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Krosan Warchief	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"Beast spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
{1}{G}: Regenerate target Beast."	G	G	Scourge	123	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Edgewalker	1WB	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Cleric spells you cast cost {W}{B} less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay. (For example, if you cast a Cleric spell with mana cost {1}{W}, it costs {1} to cast.)"	W	W	Scourge	137	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Proteus Machine	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Morph {0} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Proteus Machine is turned face up, it becomes the creature type of your choice. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Scourge	141	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Teferi's Imp	2U	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
Whenever Teferi's Imp phases out, discard a card.
Whenever Teferi's Imp phases in, draw a card."	U	U	Mirage	98	rare	Una Fricker		
Forsaken Wastes	2B	3	World Enchantment	"Players can't gain life.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player loses 1 life.
Whenever Forsaken Wastes becomes the target of a spell, that spell's controller loses 5 life."	B	B	Mirage	125	rare	Kev Walker		
Chaosphere	2R	3	World Enchantment	"Creatures with flying can block only creatures with flying.
Creatures without flying have reach. (They can block creatures with flying.)"	R	R	Mirage	164	rare	Steve Luke		
Brushwagg	1GG	3	Creature ? Brushwagg	"Whenever Brushwagg blocks or becomes blocked, it gets -2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Mirage	208	rare	Ian Miller		
Hall of Gemstone	1GG	3	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses a color. Until end of turn, lands tapped for mana produce mana of the chosen color instead of any other color."	G	G	Mirage	221	rare	David A. Cherry		
Mindbender Spores	2G	3	Creature ? Fungus Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
Whenever Mindbender Spores blocks a creature, put four fungus counters on that creature. The creature gains ""This creature doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a fungus counter on it"" and ""At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fungus counter from this creature."""	G	G	Mirage	229	rare	Ian Miller		
Frenetic Efreet	1UR	3	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
{0}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, Frenetic Efreet phases out. If you lose the flip, sacrifice Frenetic Efreet. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	264	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Leering Gargoyle	1WU	3	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
{T}: Leering Gargoyle gets -2/+2 and loses flying until end of turn."	W	W	Mirage	271	rare	Dermot Power		
Wellspring	1GW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Wellspring enters the battlefield, gain control of enchanted land until end of turn.
At the beginning of your upkeep, untap enchanted land. You gain control of that land until end of turn."	W	W	Mirage	288	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Misers' Cage	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has five or more cards in hand, Misers' Cage deals 2 damage to that player."			Mirage	311	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Paupers' Cage	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has two or fewer cards in hand, Paupers' Cage deals 2 damage to that player."			Mirage	314	rare	Mike Kimble		
Ventifact Bottle	3	3	Artifact	"{X}{1}, {T}: Put X charge counters on Ventifact Bottle. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, if Ventifact Bottle has a charge counter on it, tap it and remove all charge counters from it. Add {C} for each charge counter removed this way."			Mirage	323	rare	Ron Spencer		
Zhalfirin Crusader	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{1}{W}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Zhalfirin Crusader this turn is dealt to any target instead."	W	W	Visions	25	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Teferi's Realm	1UU	3	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses artifact, creature, land, or non-Aura enchantment. All nontoken permanents of that type phase out. (While they're phased out, they're treated as though they don't exist. Each one phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Visions	44	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Quirion Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{G}, {T}: Target land becomes a 2/2 green creature that's still a land. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	G	G	Visions	116	rare	John Matson		
Guiding Spirit	1WU	3	Creature ? Angel Spirit	"Flying
{T}: If the top card of target player's graveyard is a creature card, put that card on top of that player's library."	W	W	Visions	131	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Peacekeeper	2W	3	Creature ? Human	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Peacekeeper unless you pay {1}{W}.
Creatures can't attack."	W	W	Weatherlight	22	rare	Donato Giancola		
Bone Dancer	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Bone Dancer attacks and isn't blocked, you may put the top creature card of defending player's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. If you do, Bone Dancer assigns no combat damage this turn."	B	B	Weatherlight	62	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Dwarven Thaumaturgist	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf Shaman	{T}: Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.	R	R	Weatherlight	98	rare	Kipling West		
Bsium Strip	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Until end of turn, if the top card of your graveyard is an instant or sorcery card, you may cast that card. If a card cast this way would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead."			Weatherlight	147	rare	Steve Luke		
Mana Web	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a land an opponent controls is tapped for mana, tap all lands that player controls that could produce any type of mana that land could produce."			Weatherlight	152	rare	Hannibal King		
Well of Knowledge	3	3	Artifact	{2}: Draw a card. Any player may activate this ability but only during their draw step.			Weatherlight	162	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
"Orim, Samite Healer"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Tempest	33	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Rootwater Shaman	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	You may cast Aura spells with enchant creature as though they had flash.	U	U	Tempest	84	rare	Paolo Parente		
Coffin Queen	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"You may choose not to untap Coffin Queen during your untap step.
{2}{B}, {T}: Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. When Coffin Queen becomes untapped or you lose control of Coffin Queen, exile that creature."	B	B	Tempest	114	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Maddening Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{T}: Non-Wall creatures the active player controls attack this turn if able. At the beginning of the next end step, destroy each of those creatures that didn't attack this turn. Activate this ability only during an opponent's turn and only before combat."	B	B	Tempest	143	rare	Zina Saunders		
Pallimud	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	"As Pallimud enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
Pallimud's power is equal to the number of tapped lands the chosen player controls."	R	R	Tempest	195	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Starke of Rath	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	{T}: Destroy target artifact or creature. That permanent's controller gains control of Starke of Rath. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	R	R	Tempest	205	rare	Dan Frazier		
Phyrexian Grimoire	3	3	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Target opponent chooses one of the top two cards of your graveyard. Exile that card and put the other one into your hand."			Tempest	301	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Static Orb	3	3	Artifact	"As long as Static Orb is untapped, players can't untap more than two permanents during their untap steps."			Tempest	310	rare	Dermot Power		
Torture Chamber	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a pain counter on Torture Chamber.
At the beginning of your end step, Torture Chamber deals damage to you equal to the number of pain counters on it.
{1}, {T}, Remove all pain counters from Torture Chamber: It deals damage to target creature equal to the number of pain counters removed this way."			Tempest	313	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Soltari Champion	2W	3	Creature ? Soltari Soldier	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Soltari Champion attacks, other creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Stronghold	18	rare	Adam Rex		
Volrath's Shapeshifter	1UU	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As long as the top card of your graveyard is a creature card, Volrath's Shapeshifter has the full text of that card and has the text ""{2}: Discard a card."" (Volrath's Shapeshifter has that card's name, mana cost, color, types, abilities, power, and toughness.)
{2}: Discard a card."	U	U	Stronghold	48	rare	Ron Spencer		
Skeleton Scavengers	2B	3	Creature ? Skeleton	"Skeleton Scavengers enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Pay {1} for each +1/+1 counter on Skeleton Scavengers: Regenerate Skeleton Scavengers. When it regenerates this way, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Stronghold	70	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Stronghold Assassin	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Assassin	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Stronghold	71	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Horn of Greed	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a player plays a land, that player draws a card."			Stronghold	135	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Wall of Nets	1WW	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
At end of combat, exile all creatures blocked by Wall of Nets.
When Wall of Nets leaves the battlefield, return all cards exiled with Wall of Nets to the battlefield under their owners' control."	W	W	Exodus	24	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Dominating Licid	1UU	3	Creature ? Licid	"{1}{U}{U}, {T}: Dominating Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {U} to end this effect.
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Exodus	30	rare	Heather Hudson		
"Ertai, Wizard Adept"	2U	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}{U}, {T}: Counter target spell."	U	U	Exodus	33	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Memory Crystal	3	3	Artifact	Buyback costs cost {2} less.			Exodus	134	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Soul Sculptor	2W	3	Creature ? Human	"{1}{W}, {T}: Target creature becomes an enchantment and loses all abilities until a player casts a creature spell."	W	W	Urza's Saga	53	rare	Ciruelo		
"Barrin, Master Wizard"	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}, Sacrifice a permanent: Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Saga	63	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Whetstone	3	3	Artifact	{3}: Each player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard.			Urza's Saga	316	rare	Greg Simanson		
Crawlspace	3	3	Artifact	No more than two creatures can attack you each combat.			Urza's Legacy	123	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Iron Maiden	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Iron Maiden deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of cards in their hand minus 4."			Urza's Legacy	127	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Ring of Gix	3	3	Artifact	"Echo {3} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
{1}, {T}: Tap target artifact, creature, or land."			Urza's Legacy	131	rare	Mark Tedin		
Scrapheap	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever an artifact or enchantment is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you gain 1 life."			Urza's Legacy	132	rare	Bradley Williams		
Wheel of Torture	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Wheel of Torture deals X damage to that player, where X is 3 minus the number of cards in their hand."			Urza's Legacy	138	rare	Henry Van Der Linde		
"Rayne, Academy Chancellor"	2U	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you or a permanent you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you may draw a card. You may draw an additional card if Rayne, Academy Chancellor is enchanted."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	43	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Phyrexian Negator	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"Trample
Whenever Phyrexian Negator is dealt damage, sacrifice that many permanents."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	65	rare	John Zeleznik		
Junk Diver	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Junk Diver dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."			Urza's Destiny	132	rare	Eric Peterson		
Metalworker	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: Reveal any number of artifact cards in your hand. Add {C}{C} for each card revealed this way.			Urza's Destiny	135	rare	Don Hazeltine		
Urza's Incubator	3	3	Artifact	"As Urza's Incubator enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creature spells of the chosen type cost {2} less to cast."			Urza's Destiny	142	rare	Pete Venters		
Charisma	UUU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to a creature, gain control of the other creature for as long as Charisma remains on the battlefield."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	66	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Blood Hound	2R	3	Creature ? Hound	"Whenever you're dealt damage, you may put that many +1/+1 counters on Blood Hound.
At the beginning of your end step, remove all +1/+1 counters from Blood Hound."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	176	rare	Bradley Williams		
Crag Saurian	RRR	3	Creature ? Lizard	"Whenever a source deals damage to Crag Saurian, that source's controller gains control of Crag Saurian."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	185	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Lava Runner	1RR	3	Creature ? Lizard	"Haste
Whenever Lava Runner becomes the target of a spell or ability, that spell or ability's controller sacrifices a land."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	200	rare	Donato Giancola		
Caller of the Hunt	2G	3	Creature ? Human	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, choose a creature type.
Caller of the Hunt's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures of the chosen type on the battlefield."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	233	rare	Clyde Caldwell		
Megatherium	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
When Megatherium enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay {1} for each card in your hand."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	259	rare	Paolo Parente		
Eye of Ramos	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U}.
Sacrifice Eye of Ramos: Add {U}."		U	Mercadian Masques	294	rare	David Martin		
General's Regalia	3	3	Artifact	"{3}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, that damage is dealt to target creature you control instead."			Mercadian Masques	295	rare	David Monette		
Heart of Ramos	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R}.
Sacrifice Heart of Ramos: Add {R}."		R	Mercadian Masques	296	rare	David Martin		
Horn of Ramos	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G}.
Sacrifice Horn of Ramos: Add {G}."		G	Mercadian Masques	299	rare	David Martin		
Kyren Archive	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile the top card of your library face down.
{5}, Discard your hand, Sacrifice Kyren Archive: Put all cards exiled with Kyren Archive into their owner's hand."			Mercadian Masques	302	rare	Roger Raupp		
Kyren Toy	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Kyren Toy.
{T}, Remove X charge counters from Kyren Toy: Add an amount of {C} equal to X plus one."			Mercadian Masques	303	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Skull of Ramos	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B}.
Sacrifice Skull of Ramos: Add {B}."		B	Mercadian Masques	312	rare	David Martin		
Tooth of Ramos	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W}.
Sacrifice Tooth of Ramos: Add {W}."		W	Mercadian Masques	313	rare	David Martin		
Worry Beads	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."			Mercadian Masques	315	rare	rk post		
"Lin Sivvi, Defiant Hero"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Rebel	"{X}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost X or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.
{3}: Put target Rebel card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library."	W	W	Nemesis	12	rare	rk post		
Eye of Yawgmoth	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Reveal a number of cards from the top of your library equal to the sacrificed creature's power. Put one into your hand and exile the rest."			Nemesis	129	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Kill Switch	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Tap all other artifacts. They don't untap during their controllers' untap steps for as long as Kill Switch remains tapped."			Nemesis	133	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Tangle Wire	3	3	Artifact	"Fading 4 (This artifact enters the battlefield with four fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player taps an untapped artifact, creature, or land they control for each fade counter on Tangle Wire."			Nemesis	139	rare	Glen Angus		
Mercenary Informer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel Mercenary	"Mercenary Informer can't be the target of black spells or abilities from black sources.
{2}{W}: Put target nontoken Mercenary on the bottom of its owner's library."	W	W	Prophecy	15	rare	Nelson DeCastro		
Rebel Informer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Mercenary Rebel	"Rebel Informer can't be the target of white spells or abilities from white sources.
{3}: Put target nontoken Rebel on the bottom of its owner's library."	B	B	Prophecy	75	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Andradite Leech	2B	3	Creature ? Leech	"Black spells you cast cost {B} more to cast.
{B}: Andradite Leech gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Invasion	93	rare	Wayne England		
Phyrexian Infiltrator	2B	3	Creature ? Minion	{2}{U}{U}: Exchange control of Phyrexian Infiltrator and target creature. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	B	U	Invasion	116	rare	Darrell Riche		
"Hanna, Ship's Navigator"	1WU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"{1}{W}{U}, {T}: Return target artifact or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Invasion	249	rare	Dave Dorman		
Noble Panther	1GW	3	Creature ? Cat	{1}: Noble Panther gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Invasion	257	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Pyre Zombie	1BR	3	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if Pyre Zombie is in your graveyard, you may pay {1}{B}{B}. If you do, return Pyre Zombie to your hand.
{1}{R}{R}, Sacrifice Pyre Zombie: It deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Invasion	261	rare	Nelson DeCastro		
Raging Kavu	1RG	3	Creature ? Kavu	"Flash
Haste"	R	R	Invasion	262	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Stalking Assassin	1UB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"{3}{U}, {T}: Tap target creature.
{3}{B}, {T}: Destroy target tapped creature."	U	U	Invasion	277	rare	Dana Knutson		
Phyrexian Altar	3	3	Artifact	Sacrifice a creature: Add one mana of any color.			Invasion	306	rare	Ron Spears		
Phyrexian Lens	3	3	Artifact	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color."			Invasion	307	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Samite Elder	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Creatures you control gain protection from the colors of target permanent you control until end of turn.	W	W	Planeshift	14	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Dralnu's Pet	1UU	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Kicker?{2}{B}, Discard a creature card. (You may pay {2}{B} and discard a creature card in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
If Dralnu's Pet was kicked, it enters the battlefield with flying and with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the discarded card's converted mana cost."	U	U	Planeshift	23	rare	Glen Angus		
Radiant Kavu	RGW	3	Creature ? Kavu	{R}{G}{W}: Prevent all combat damage blue creatures and black creatures would deal this turn.	W	W	Planeshift	120	rare	Ron Spencer		
Whirlpool Warrior	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"When Whirlpool Warrior enters the battlefield, shuffle the cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards.
{R}, Sacrifice Whirlpool Warrior: Each player shuffles the cards from their hand into their library, then draws that many cards."	U	U	Apocalypse	36	rare	Kev Walker		
Necravolver	2B	3	Creature ? Volver	"Kicker {1}{G} and/or {W} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} and/or {W} as you cast this spell.)
If Necravolver was kicked with its {1}{G} kicker, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with trample.
If Necravolver was kicked with its {W} kicker, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it and with ""Whenever Necravolver deals damage, you gain that much life."""	B	W	Apocalypse	46	rare	Dave Dorman		
Rakavolver	2R	3	Creature ? Volver	"Kicker {1}{W} and/or {U} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} and/or {U} as you cast this spell.)
If Rakavolver was kicked with its {1}{W} kicker, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with ""Whenever Rakavolver deals damage, you gain that much life.""
If Rakavolver was kicked with its {U} kicker, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it and with flying."	R	W	Apocalypse	68	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Cantivore	1WW	3	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	"Vigilance
Cantivore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of enchantment cards in all graveyards."	W	W	Odyssey	13	rare	Daren Bader		
Dogged Hunter	2W	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	{T}: Destroy target creature token.	W	W	Odyssey	20	rare	rk post		
Lieutenant Kirtar	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{1}{W}, Sacrifice Lieutenant Kirtar: Exile target attacking creature."	W	W	Odyssey	29	rare	Paolo Parente		
Master Apothecary	WWW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	Tap an untapped Cleric you control: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Odyssey	32	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Mystic Crusader	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Nomad Mystic	"Protection from black and from red
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Mystic Crusader gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Odyssey	33	rare	Kev Walker		
"Pianna, Nomad Captain"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Nomad	"Whenever Pianna, Nomad Captain attacks, attacking creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Odyssey	39	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Patron Wizard	UUU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	Tap an untapped Wizard you control: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.	U	U	Odyssey	89	rare	Donato Giancola		
Shifty Doppelganger	2U	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{3}{U}, Exile Shifty Doppelganger: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. If you do, that creature gains haste until end of turn. At the beginning of the next end step, sacrifice that creature. If you do, return Shifty Doppelganger to the battlefield."	U	U	Odyssey	101	rare	Greg Staples		
Chlorophant	GGG	3	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Chlorophant.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Chlorophant has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put another +1/+1 counter on Chlorophant."""	G	G	Odyssey	234	rare	John Avon		
Nantuko Mentor	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Druid	"{2}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is that creature's power."	G	G	Odyssey	255	rare	John Matson		
"Seton, Krosan Protector"	GGG	3	Legendary Creature ? Centaur Druid	Tap an untapped Druid you control: Add {G}.	G	G	Odyssey	267	rare	Greg Staples		
Spellbane Centaur	2G	3	Creature ? Centaur	Creatures you control can't be the targets of blue spells or abilities from blue sources.	G	G	Odyssey	271	rare	Rick Farrell		
Squirrel Mob	1GG	3	Creature ? Squirrel	Squirrel Mob gets +1/+1 for each other Squirrel on the battlefield.	G	G	Odyssey	273	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Terravore	1GG	3	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	"Trample
Terravore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of land cards in all graveyards."	G	G	Odyssey	278	rare	Jim Nelson		
Reborn Hero	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Reborn Hero has ""When Reborn Hero dies, you may pay {W}{W}. If you do, return Reborn Hero to the battlefield under your control."""	W	W	Torment	14	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Balthor the Stout	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Dwarf Barbarian	"Other Barbarian creatures get +1/+1.
{R}: Another target Barbarian creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Torment	91	rare	Ron Spears		
Hell-Bent Raider	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"First strike, haste
Discard a card at random: Hell-Bent Raider gains protection from white until end of turn."	R	R	Torment	101	rare	Mike Ploog		
Nantuko Blightcutter	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Druid	"Protection from black
Threshold ? Nantuko Blightcutter gets +1/+1 for each black permanent your opponents control as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Torment	131	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Pulsemage Advocate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Return three target cards from an opponent's graveyard to their hand. Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Judgment	19	rare	Jeff Easley		
Dwarven Bloodboiler	RRR	3	Creature ? Dwarf	Tap an untapped Dwarf you control: Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Judgment	84	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Phantom Nantuko	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Spirit	"Trample
Phantom Nantuko enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Nantuko, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Nantuko.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Phantom Nantuko."	G	G	Judgment	128	rare	Wayne England		
Anurid Brushhopper	1GW	3	Creature ? Frog Beast	Discard two cards: Exile Anurid Brushhopper. Return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Judgment	137	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Callous Oppressor	1UU	3	Creature ? Cephalid	"You may choose not to untap Callous Oppressor during your untap step.
As Callous Oppressor enters the battlefield, an opponent chooses a creature type.
{T}: Gain control of target creature that isn't of the chosen type for as long as Callous Oppressor remains tapped."	U	U	Onslaught	72	rare	Justin Sweet		
Riptide Entrancer	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever Riptide Entrancer deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, gain control of target creature that player controls. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
Morph {U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	108	rare	Scott Hampton		
Ebonblade Reaper	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Ebonblade Reaper attacks, you lose half your life, rounded up.
Whenever Ebonblade Reaper deals combat damage to a player, that player loses half their life, rounded up.
Morph {3}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	141	rare	Wayne England		
Rotlung Reanimator	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Whenever Rotlung Reanimator or another Cleric dies, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Onslaught	164	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Undead Gladiator	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Barbarian	"{1}{B}, Discard a card: Return Undead Gladiator from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.
Cycling {1}{B} ({1}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Onslaught	178	rare	Jeff Easley		
Goblin Sharpshooter	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"Goblin Sharpshooter doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever a creature dies, untap Goblin Sharpshooter.
{T}: Goblin Sharpshooter deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Onslaught	207	rare	Greg Staples		
Glowrider	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	Noncreature spells cost {1} more to cast.	W	W	Legions	15	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Dermoplasm	2U	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Flying
Morph {2}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Dermoplasm is turned face up, you may put a creature card with a morph ability from your hand onto the battlefield face up. If you do, return Dermoplasm to its owner's hand."	U	U	Legions	35	rare	John Avon		
Keeper of the Nine Gales	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
{T}, Tap two untapped Birds you control: Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Legions	42	rare	Jim Nelson		
Drinker of Sorrow	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"Drinker of Sorrow can't block.
Whenever Drinker of Sorrow deals combat damage, sacrifice a permanent."	B	B	Legions	66	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Ghastly Remains	BBB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Zombie card you reveal in your hand.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Ghastly Remains is in your graveyard, you may pay {B}{B}{B}. If you do, return Ghastly Remains to your hand."	B	B	Legions	71	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Hollow Specter	1BB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Hollow Specter deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {X}. If you do, that player reveals X cards from their hand and you choose one of them. That player discards that card."	B	B	Legions	75	rare	rk post		
Unstable Hulk	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	"Morph {3}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Unstable Hulk is turned face up, it gets +6/+6 and gains trample until end of turn. You skip your next turn."	R	R	Legions	115	rare	Ron Spencer		
Caller of the Claw	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"Flash
When Caller of the Claw enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 green Bear creature token for each nontoken creature put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn."	G	G	Legions	121	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Raven Guild Master	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard Mutant	"Whenever Raven Guild Master deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top ten cards of their library.
Morph {2}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Scourge	47	rare	Kev Walker		
Ethereal Champion	2WWW	5	Creature ? Avatar	Pay 1 life: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Ethereal Champion this turn.	W	W	Mirage	15	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Rashida Scalebane	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Destroy target attacking or blocking Dragon. It can't be regenerated. You gain life equal to its power.	W	W	Mirage	35	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Zuberi, Golden Feather"	4W	5	Legendary Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Other Griffin creatures get +1/+1."	W	W	Mirage	51	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Bazaar of Wonders	3UU	5	World Enchantment	"When Bazaar of Wonders enters the battlefield, exile all cards from all graveyards.
Whenever a player casts a spell, counter it if a card with the same name is in a graveyard or a nontoken permanent with the same name is on the battlefield."	U	U	Mirage	55	rare	Liz Danforth		
"Hakim, Loreweaver"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
{U}{U}: Return target Aura card from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to Hakim, Loreweaver. Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only if Hakim isn't enchanted.
{U}{U}, {T}: Destroy all Auras attached to Hakim."	U	U	Mirage	68	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Taniwha	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Serpent	"Trample
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, all lands you control phase out. (They phase in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	95	rare	Ian Miller		
Purraj of Urborg	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Purraj of Urborg has first strike as long as it's attacking.
Whenever a player casts a black spell, you may pay {B}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Purraj of Urborg."	B	B	Mirage	135	rare	John Matson		
Hivis of the Scale	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"You may choose not to untap Hivis of the Scale during your untap step.
{T}: Gain control of target Dragon for as long as you control Hivis and Hivis remains tapped."	R	R	Mirage	182	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Subterranean Spirit	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Protection from red
{T}: Subterranean Spirit deals 1 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Mirage	195	rare	John Bolton		
Telim'Tor	4R	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Telim'Tor attacks, all attacking creatures with flanking get +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	197	rare	Kev Walker		
Zirilan of the Claw	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"{1}{R}{R}, {T}: Search your library for a Dragon permanent card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library. That Dragon gains haste until end of turn. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Mirage	204	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Uktabi Wildcats	4G	5	Creature ? Cat	"Uktabi Wildcats's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control.
{G}, Sacrifice a Forest: Regenerate Uktabi Wildcats."	G	G	Mirage	248	rare	John Matson		
Sawback Manticore	3RG	5	Creature ? Manticore	"{4}: Sawback Manticore gains flying until end of turn.
{1}: Sawback Manticore deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature. Activate this ability only if Sawback Manticore is attacking or blocking and only once each turn."	R	R	Mirage	281	rare	Martin McKenna		
Amulet of Unmaking	5	5	Artifact	"{5}, {T}, Exile Amulet of Unmaking: Exile target artifact, creature, or land. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Mirage	293	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Mangara's Tome	5	5	Artifact	"When Mangara's Tome enters the battlefield, search your library for five cards, exile them in a face-down pile, and shuffle that pile. Then shuffle your library.
{2}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, instead put the top card of the exiled pile into its owner's hand."			Mirage	309	rare	John Bolton		
Aku Djinn	3BB	5	Creature ? Djinn	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature each opponent controls."	B	B	Visions	51	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Bogardan Phoenix	2RRR	5	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Bogardan Phoenix dies, exile it if it had a death counter on it. Otherwise, return it to the battlefield under your control and put a death counter on it."	R	R	Visions	76	rare	David O'Connor		
Kookus	3RR	5	Creature ? Djinn	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you don't control a creature named Keeper of Kookus, Kookus deals 3 damage to you and attacks this turn if able.
{R}: Kookus gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Visions	86	rare	Scott Hampton		
Ogre Enforcer	3RR	5	Creature ? Ogre	Ogre Enforcer can't be destroyed by lethal damage unless lethal damage dealt by a single source is marked on it.	R	R	Visions	89	rare	Pete Venters		
Lichenthrope	3GG	5	Creature ? Plant Fungus	"If damage would be dealt to Lichenthrope, put that many -1/-1 counters on it instead.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a -1/-1 counter from Lichenthrope."	G	G	Visions	112	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Gallowbraid	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Horror	"Trample
Cumulative upkeep?Pay 1 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	B	B	Weatherlight	70	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Morinfen	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Horror	"Flying
Cumulative upkeep?Pay 1 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	B	B	Weatherlight	75	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Avenging Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Avenging Angel dies, you may put it on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Tempest	7	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Escaped Shapeshifter	3UU	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As long as an opponent controls a creature with flying not named Escaped Shapeshifter, Escaped Shapeshifter has flying. The same is true for first strike, trample, and protection from any color."	U	U	Tempest	62	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Mawcor	3UU	5	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
{T}: Mawcor deals 1 damage to any target."	U	U	Tempest	75	rare	John Matson		
Bellowing Fiend	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Bellowing Fiend deals damage to a creature, Bellowing Fiend deals 3 damage to that creature's controller and 3 damage to you."	B	B	Tempest	108	rare	Jim Nelson		
Flowstone Wyvern	3RR	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{R}: Flowstone Wyvern gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	Tempest	176	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Magmasaur	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Dinosaur	"Magmasaur enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may remove a +1/+1 counter from Magmasaur. If you don't, sacrifice Magmasaur and it deals damage equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it to each creature without flying and each player."	R	R	Tempest	188	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Dirtcowl Wurm	4G	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever an opponent plays a land, put a +1/+1 counter on Dirtcowl Wurm."	G	G	Tempest	221	rare	Dan Frazier		
Heartwood Giant	3GG	5	Creature ? Giant	"{T}, Sacrifice a Forest: Heartwood Giant deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."	G	G	Tempest	232	rare	Randy Elliott		
"Selenia, Dark Angel"	3WB	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Pay 2 life: Return Selenia, Dark Angel to its owner's hand."	W	W	Tempest	270	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Silver Wyvern	3UU	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{U}: Change the target of target spell or ability that targets only Silver Wyvern. The new target must be a creature."	U	U	Stronghold	43	rare	Colin MacNeil		
Spitting Hydra	3RR	5	Creature ? Hydra	"Spitting Hydra enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}{R}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spitting Hydra: It deals 1 damage to target creature."	R	R	Stronghold	99	rare	Daren Bader		
Sliver Queen	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Sliver	{2}: Create a 1/1 colorless Sliver creature token.	W	W	Stronghold	129	rare	Ron Spencer		
Volrath's Laboratory	5	5	Artifact	"As Volrath's Laboratory enters the battlefield, choose a color and a creature type.
{5}, {T}: Create a 2/2 creature token of the chosen color and type."			Stronghold	142	rare	Brom		
Entropic Specter	3BB	5	Creature ? Specter Spirit	"Flying
As Entropic Specter enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
Entropic Specter's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in the chosen player's hand.
Whenever Entropic Specter deals damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Exodus	61	rare	Ron Spencer		
Ogre Shaman	3RR	5	Creature ? Ogre Shaman	"{2}, Discard a card at random: Ogre Shaman deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Exodus	91	rare	Paolo Parente		
Thopter Squadron	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
Thopter Squadron enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Thopter Squadron: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
{1}, Sacrifice another Thopter: Put a +1/+1 counter on Thopter Squadron. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Exodus	140	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Morphling	3UU	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{U}: Untap Morphling.
{U}: Morphling gains flying until end of turn.
{U}: Morphling gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
{1}: Morphling gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{1}: Morphling gets -1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Urza's Saga	85	rare	rk post		
Electryte	3RR	5	Creature ? Trilobite Beast	"Whenever Electryte deals combat damage to defending player, it deals damage equal to its power to each blocking creature."	R	R	Urza's Saga	183	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Endless Wurm	3GG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Endless Wurm unless you sacrifice an enchantment."	G	G	Urza's Saga	249	rare	DiTerlizzi		
"Karn, Silver Golem"	5	5	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Whenever Karn, Silver Golem blocks or becomes blocked, it gets -4/+4 until end of turn.
{1}: Target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost until end of turn."			Urza's Saga	298	rare	Mark Zug		
Lifeline	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever a creature dies, if another creature is on the battlefield, return the first card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."			Urza's Saga	299	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Mishra's Helix	5	5	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Tap X target lands."			Urza's Saga	302	rare	Berry		
Purging Scythe	5	5	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Purging Scythe deals 2 damage to the creature with the least toughness. If two or more creatures are tied for least toughness, you choose one of them."			Urza's Saga	308	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Karmic Guide	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel Spirit	"Flying, protection from black
Echo {3}{W}{W} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Karmic Guide enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	11	rare	Heather Hudson		
"Radiant, Archangel"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
Radiant, Archangel gets +1/+1 for each other creature with flying on the battlefield."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	20	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Eviscerator	3BB	5	Creature ? Horror	"Protection from white
When Eviscerator enters the battlefield, you lose 5 life."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	52	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Deranged Hermit	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf	"Echo {3}{G}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Deranged Hermit enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens.
Squirrel creatures get +1/+1."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	101	rare	Kev Walker		
Weatherseed Treefolk	2GGG	5	Creature ? Treefolk	"Trample
When Weatherseed Treefolk dies, return it to its owner's hand."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	116	rare	Heather Hudson		
Treachery	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Treachery enters the battlefield, untap up to five lands.
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	50	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Covetous Dragon	4R	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When you control no artifacts, sacrifice Covetous Dragon."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	80	rare	rk post		
Fountain Watch	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	Artifacts and enchantments you control have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)	W	W	Mercadian Masques	19	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Ramosian Sky Marshal	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Flying
{7}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 6 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	40	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Rishadan Brigand	4U	5	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
When Rishadan Brigand enters the battlefield, each opponent sacrifices a permanent unless they pay {3}.
Rishadan Brigand can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	92	rare	Scott Hampton		
Saprazzan Bailiff	3UU	5	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Saprazzan Bailiff enters the battlefield, exile all artifact and enchantment cards from all graveyards.
When Saprazzan Bailiff leaves the battlefield, return all artifact and enchantment cards from all graveyards to their owners' hands."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	97	rare	Ron Spencer		
Corrupt Official	4B	5	Creature ? Human Minion	"{2}{B}: Regenerate Corrupt Official.
Whenever Corrupt Official becomes blocked, defending player discards a card at random."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	128	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Thrashing Wumpus	3BB	5	Creature ? Beast	{B}: Thrashing Wumpus deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	166	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Unnatural Hunger	3BB	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, Unnatural Hunger deals damage equal to that creature's power to that player unless they sacrifice another creature."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	169	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Battle Squadron	3RR	5	Creature ? Goblin	"Flying
Battle Squadron's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	174	rare	Mark Tedin		
Lithophage	3RR	5	Creature ? Insect	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Lithophage unless you sacrifice a Mountain."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	202	rare	Mike Ploog		
Rushwood Elemental	GGGGG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Rushwood Elemental."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	264	rare	Hannibal King		
Assembly Hall	5	5	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Reveal a creature card in your hand. Search your library for a card with the same name as that card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Mercadian Masques	286	rare	Val Mayerik		
Bargaining Table	5	5	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Draw a card. X is the number of cards in an opponent's hand."			Mercadian Masques	288	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Crumbling Sanctuary	5	5	Artifact	"If damage would be dealt to a player, that player exiles that many cards from the top of their library instead."			Mercadian Masques	292	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Mercadian Atlas	5	5	Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, if you didn't play a land this turn, you may draw a card."			Mercadian Masques	305	rare	Dan Frazier		
Monkey Cage	5	5	Artifact	"When a creature enters the battlefield, sacrifice Monkey Cage and create X 2/2 green Monkey creature tokens, where X is that creature's converted mana cost."			Mercadian Masques	307	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Flowstone Overseer	2RRR	5	Creature ? Beast	{R}{R}: Target creature gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	R	R	Nemesis	82	rare	Andrew Goldhawk		
Belbe's Portal	5	5	Artifact	"As Belbe's Portal enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{3}, {T}: You may put a creature card of the chosen type from your hand onto the battlefield."			Nemesis	127	rare	Mark Tedin		
"Predator, Flagship"	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"{2}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
{5}, {T}: Destroy target creature with flying."			Nemesis	135	rare	Mark Tedin		
Jeweled Spirit	3WW	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Sacrifice two lands: Jeweled Spirit gains protection from artifacts or from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Prophecy	12	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Mageta the Lion	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{W}{W}, {T}, Discard two cards: Destroy all creatures except for Mageta the Lion. Those creatures can't be regenerated."	W	W	Prophecy	13	rare	Brom		
"Alexi, Zephyr Mage"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{X}{U}, {T}, Discard two cards: Return X target creatures to their owners' hands."	U	U	Prophecy	28	rare	Mark Zug		
Bog Elemental	3BB	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Protection from white
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Bog Elemental unless you sacrifice a land."	B	B	Prophecy	57	rare	Glen Angus		
Coffin Puppets	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	Sacrifice two lands: Return Coffin Puppets from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only if you control a Swamp.	B	B	Prophecy	60	rare	Arnie Swekel		
"Greel, Mind Raker"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Horror Spellshaper	"{X}{B}, {T}, Discard two cards: Target player discards X cards at random."	B	B	Prophecy	66	rare	Brom		
Keldon Firebombers	3RR	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Keldon Firebombers enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices all lands they control except for three."	R	R	Prophecy	94	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Latulla, Keldon Overseer"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{X}{R}, {T}, Discard two cards: Latulla, Keldon Overseer deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Prophecy	95	rare	Brom		
Copper-Leaf Angel	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{T}, Sacrifice X lands: Put X +1/+1 counters on Copper-Leaf Angel."			Prophecy	137	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Keldon Battlewagon	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Trample
Keldon Battlewagon can't block.
When Keldon Battlewagon attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.
Tap an untapped creature you control: Keldon Battlewagon gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the power of the creature tapped this way."			Prophecy	139	rare	Kev Walker		
"Atalya, Samite Master"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{X}, {T}: Choose one ?
? Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. Spend only white mana on X.
? You gain X life. Spend only white mana on X."	W	W	Invasion	4	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Empress Galina	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk	"{U}{U}, {T}: Gain control of target legendary permanent. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Invasion	54	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Crypt Angel	4B	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from white
When Crypt Angel enters the battlefield, return target blue or red creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Invasion	97	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Phyrexian Delver	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Phyrexian Delver enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. You lose life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Invasion	115	rare	Dana Knutson		
Loafing Giant	4R	5	Creature ? Giant	"Whenever Loafing Giant attacks or blocks, put the top card of your library into your graveyard. If that card is a land card, prevent all combat damage Loafing Giant would deal this turn."	R	R	Invasion	153	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Thicket Elemental	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Kicker {1}{G} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} as you cast this spell.)
When Thicket Elemental enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, you may reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. If you do, put that card onto the battlefield and shuffle all other cards revealed this way into your library."	G	G	Invasion	214	rare	Ron Spencer		
Armored Guardian	3WU	5	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"{1}{W}{W}: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
{1}{U}{U}: Armored Guardian gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Invasion	230	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Tek	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Tek gets +0/+2 as long as you control a Plains, has flying as long as you control an Island, gets +2/+0 as long as you control a Swamp, has first strike as long as you control a Mountain, and has trample as long as you control a Forest."			Invasion	313	rare	Chippy		
Waterspout Elemental	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Kicker {U} (You may pay an additional {U} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Waterspout Elemental enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, return all other creatures to their owners' hands and you skip your next turn."	U	U	Planeshift	38	rare	Mark Romanoski		
"Tahngarth, Talruum Hero"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Vigilance
{1}{R}, {T}: Tahngarth, Talruum Hero deals damage equal to its power to target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Tahngarth."	R	R	Planeshift	74	rare	Dave Dorman		
Magnigoth Treefolk	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk	"Domain ? For each basic land type among lands you control, Magnigoth Treefolk has landwalk of that type. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a land of that type.)"	G	G	Planeshift	82	rare	Peter Bollinger		
"Ertai, the Corrupted"	2WUB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature or enchantment: Counter target spell."	W	W	Planeshift	107	rare	Mark Tedin		
Shivan Wurm	3RG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Shivan Wurm enters the battlefield, return a red or green creature you control to its owner's hand."	R	R	Planeshift	124	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Gerrard Capashen	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life for each card in target opponent's hand.
{3}{W}: Tap target creature. Activate this ability only if Gerrard Capashen is attacking."	W	W	Apocalypse	11	rare	Brom		
Desolation Angel	3BB	5	Creature ? Angel	"Kicker {W}{W} (You may pay an additional {W}{W} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Desolation Angel enters the battlefield, destroy all lands you control. If it was kicked, destroy all lands instead."	B	W	Apocalypse	38	rare	Brom		
Cromat	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Illusion	"{W}{B}: Destroy target creature blocking or blocked by Cromat.
{U}{R}: Cromat gains flying until end of turn.
{B}{G}: Regenerate Cromat.
{R}{W}: Cromat gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{G}{U}: Put Cromat on top of its owner's library."	W	W	Apocalypse	94	rare	Donato Giancola		
Spiritmonger	3BG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Spiritmonger deals damage to a creature, put a +1/+1 counter on Spiritmonger.
{B}: Regenerate Spiritmonger.
{G}: Spiritmonger becomes the color of your choice until end of turn."	G	G	Apocalypse	121	rare	Glen Angus		
Cursed Monstrosity	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
Whenever Cursed Monstrosity becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it unless you discard a land card."	B	B	Odyssey	126	rare	Jeff Remmer		
Repentant Vampire	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Repentant Vampire this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Repentant Vampire.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Repentant Vampire is white and has ""{T}: Destroy target black creature."""	B	B	Odyssey	157	rare	Mark Tedin		
Traveling Plague	3BB	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of each upkeep, put a plague counter on Traveling Plague.
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 for each plague counter on Traveling Plague.
When enchanted creature leaves the battlefield, that creature's controller returns Traveling Plague from its owner's graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Odyssey	166	rare	Dave Dorman		
Savage Firecat	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"Trample
Savage Firecat enters the battlefield with seven +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever you tap a land for mana, remove a +1/+1 counter from Savage Firecat."	R	R	Odyssey	218	rare	Dave Dorman		
Atogatog	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Atog	"Sacrifice an Atog creature: Atogatog gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."	W	W	Odyssey	286	rare	Ron Spears		
"Chainer, Dementia Master"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Minion	"Nightmare creatures get +1/+1.
{B}{B}{B}, Pay 3 life: Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. That creature is black and is a Nightmare in addition to its other creature types.
When Chainer, Dementia Master leaves the battlefield, exile all Nightmares."	B	B	Torment	56	rare	Mark Zug		
Gurzigost	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Gurzigost unless you put two cards from your graveyard on the bottom of your library.
{G}{G}, Discard a card: You may have Gurzigost assign its combat damage this turn as though it weren't blocked."	G	G	Torment	126	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Glory	3WW	5	Creature ? Incarnation	"Flying
{2}{W}: Choose a color. Creatures you control gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn. Activate this ability only if Glory is in your graveyard."	W	W	Judgment	11	rare	Donato Giancola		
Selfless Exorcist	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. That card deals damage equal to its power to Selfless Exorcist.	W	W	Judgment	21	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Wormfang Behemoth	3UU	5	Creature ? Nightmare Fish Beast	"When Wormfang Behemoth enters the battlefield, exile all cards from your hand.
When Wormfang Behemoth leaves the battlefield, return the exiled cards to their owner's hand."	U	U	Judgment	55	rare	Heather Hudson		
Guiltfeeder	3BB	5	Creature ? Horror	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever Guiltfeeder attacks and isn't blocked, defending player loses 1 life for each card in their graveyard."	B	B	Judgment	68	rare	Mark Tedin		
Masked Gorgon	4B	5	Creature ? Gorgon	"Green creatures and white creatures have protection from Gorgons.
Threshold ? Masked Gorgon has protection from green and from white as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Judgment	69	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Ancestor's Prophet	4W	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	Tap five untapped Clerics you control: You gain 10 life.	W	W	Onslaught	3	rare	Kev Walker		
Catapult Master	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Tap five untapped Soldiers you control: Exile target creature.	W	W	Onslaught	10	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Gustcloak Savior	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, you may untap that creature and remove it from combat."	W	W	Onslaught	36	rare	Jim Nelson		
"Ixidor, Reality Sculptor"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Face-down creatures get +1/+1.
{2}{U}: Turn target face-down creature face up."	U	U	Onslaught	89	rare	Kev Walker		
Supreme Inquisitor	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	Tap five untapped Wizards you control: Search target player's library for up to five cards and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library.	U	U	Onslaught	117	rare	rk post		
Gangrenous Goliath	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Giant	Tap three untapped Clerics you control: Return Gangrenous Goliath from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Onslaught	150	rare	Justin Sweet		
Menacing Ogre	3RR	5	Creature ? Ogre	"Trample, haste
When Menacing Ogre enters the battlefield, each player secretly chooses a number. Then those numbers are revealed. Each player with the highest number loses that much life. If you are one of those players, put two +1/+1 counters on Menacing Ogre."	R	R	Onslaught	219	rare	Ron Spencer		
Skirk Fire Marshal	3RR	5	Creature ? Goblin	"Protection from red
Tap five untapped Goblins you control: Skirk Fire Marshal deals 10 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Onslaught	229	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Tephraderm	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a creature deals damage to Tephraderm, Tephraderm deals that much damage to that creature.
Whenever a spell deals damage to Tephraderm, Tephraderm deals that much damage to that spell's controller."	R	R	Onslaught	239	rare	Paolo Parente		
Gigapede	3GG	5	Creature ? Insect	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Gigapede is in your graveyard, you may discard a card. If you do, return Gigapede to your hand."	G	G	Onslaught	264	rare	Glen Angus		
Hystrodon	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Whenever Hystrodon deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
Morph {1}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	266	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Stag Beetle	3GG	5	Creature ? Insect	"Stag Beetle enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of other creatures on the battlefield."	G	G	Onslaught	285	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Voice of the Woods	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf	Tap five untapped Elves you control: Create a 7/7 green Elemental creature token with trample.	G	G	Onslaught	297	rare	Pete Venters		
Cryptic Gateway	5	5	Artifact	Tap two untapped creatures you control: You may put a creature card from your hand that shares a creature type with each creature tapped this way onto the battlefield.			Onslaught	306	rare	David Martin		
Celestial Gatekeeper	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
When Celestial Gatekeeper dies, exile it, then return up to two target Bird and/or Cleric permanent cards from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Legions	6	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Chromeshell Crab	4U	5	Creature ? Crab Beast	"Morph {4}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Chromeshell Crab is turned face up, you may exchange control of target creature you control and target creature an opponent controls."	U	U	Legions	32	rare	Ron Spencer		
Synapse Sliver	4U	5	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver deals combat damage to a player, its controller may draw a card."	U	U	Legions	53	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Brood Sliver	4G	5	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver deals combat damage to a player, its controller may create a 1/1 colorless Sliver creature token."	G	G	Legions	120	rare	Ron Spears		
Elvish Soultiller	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Mutant	"When Elvish Soultiller dies, choose a creature type. Shuffle all creature cards of that type from your graveyard into your library."	G	G	Legions	124	rare	Ron Spears		
Primal Whisperer	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Soldier	"Primal Whisperer gets +2/+2 for each face-down creature on the battlefield.
Morph {3}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Legions	135	rare	Greg Staples		
Vexing Beetle	4G	5	Creature ? Insect	"This spell can't be countered.
Vexing Beetle gets +3/+3 as long as no opponent controls a creature."	G	G	Legions	143	rare	Matt Thompson		
Mischievous Quanar	4U	5	Creature ? Beast	"{3}{U}{U}: Turn Mischievous Quanar face down.
Morph {1}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Mischievous Quanar is turned face up, copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for that copy."	U	U	Scourge	42	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Ambush Commander	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf	"Forests you control are 1/1 green Elf creatures that are still lands.
{1}{G}, Sacrifice an Elf: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Scourge	111	rare	Darrell Riche		
Sliver Overlord	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Sliver Mutant	"{3}: Search your library for a Sliver card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
{3}: Gain control of target Sliver. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	W	W	Scourge	139	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Iron Tusk Elephant	4W	5	Creature ? Elephant	Trample	W	W	Mirage	22	uncommon	Tony Roberts		
Melesse Spirit	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel Spirit	"Flying, protection from black"	W	W	Mirage	27	uncommon	Gerry Grace		
Cerulean Wyvern	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying, protection from green"	U	U	Mirage	57	uncommon	Gerry Grace		
Barbed-Back Wurm	4B	5	Creature ? Wurm	{B}: Target green creature blocking Barbed-Back Wurm gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Mirage	105	uncommon	Gary Leach		
Ravenous Vampire	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a nonartifact creature. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Ravenous Vampire. If you don't, tap Ravenous Vampire."	B	B	Mirage	136	uncommon	John Bolton		
Crimson Roc	4R	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Crimson Roc blocks a creature without flying, Crimson Roc gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	168	uncommon	Ian Miller		
Basalt Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Basalt Golem can't be blocked by artifact creatures.
Whenever Basalt Golem becomes blocked by a creature, that creature's controller sacrifices it at end of combat. If the player does, they create a 0/2 colorless Wall artifact creature token with defender."			Mirage	294	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Igneous Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{2}: Igneous Golem gains trample until end of turn.			Mirage	305	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Lead Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Whenever Lead Golem attacks, it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."			Mirage	306	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Sand Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Sand Golem, return Sand Golem from your graveyard to the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it at the beginning of the next end step."			Mirage	318	uncommon	John Matson		
Talruum Piper	4R	5	Creature ? Minotaur	All creatures with flying able to block Talruum Piper do so.	R	R	Visions	98	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Scalebane's Elite	3GW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Protection from black	W	W	Visions	135	uncommon	Steve Luke		
Matopi Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}: Regenerate Matopi Golem. When it regenerates this way, put a -1/-1 counter on it."			Visions	150	uncommon	Tom Kyffin		
Arctic Wolves	3GG	5	Creature ? Wolf	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Arctic Wolves enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Weatherlight	118	uncommon	Steve White		
Skyshroud Vampire	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Discard a creature card: Skyshroud Vampire gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Tempest	157	uncommon	Gary Leach		
Flowstone Salamander	3RR	5	Creature ? Salamander	{R}: Flowstone Salamander deals 1 damage to target creature blocking it.	R	R	Tempest	175	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Renegade Warlord	4R	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Whenever Renegade Warlord attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Tempest	197	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Segmented Wurm	3RG	5	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Segmented Wurm becomes the target of a spell or ability, put a -1/-1 counter on it."	R	R	Tempest	269	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Lancers en-Kor	3WW	5	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"Trample
{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Lancers en-Kor this turn is dealt to target creature you control instead."	W	W	Stronghold	8	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Flowstone Hellion	4R	5	Creature ? Hellion Beast	"Haste
{0}: Flowstone Hellion gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	R	R	Stronghold	84	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Sabertooth Wyvern	4R	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying, first strike"	R	R	Exodus	99	uncommon	Keith Parkinson		
Crashing Boars	3GG	5	Creature ? Boar	"Whenever Crashing Boars attacks, defending player chooses an untapped creature they control. That creature blocks Crashing Boars this turn if able."	G	G	Exodus	108	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Sandbar Serpent	4U	5	Creature ? Serpent	"Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	95	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Plague Dogs	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Hound	"When Plague Dogs dies, all creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.
{2}, Sacrifice Plague Dogs: Draw a card."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	66	uncommon	Chippy & Matthew D. Wilson		
Jhovall Rider	4W	5	Creature ? Human Rebel	Trample	W	W	Mercadian Masques	26	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Saprazzan Breaker	4U	5	Creature ? Beast	"{U}: Put the top card of your library into your graveyard. If that card is a land card, Saprazzan Breaker can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	98	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Cateran Enforcer	3BB	5	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
{4}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 4 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	121	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Boa Constrictor	4G	5	Creature ? Snake	{T}: Boa Constrictor gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	231	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Deepwood Tantiv	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Deepwood Tantiv becomes blocked, you gain 2 life."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	241	uncommon	Joel Biske		
Henge Guardian	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Dragon Wurm	{2}: Henge Guardian gains trample until end of turn.			Mercadian Masques	297	uncommon	Chippy		
Puffer Extract	5	5	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Target creature you control gets +X/+X until end of turn. Destroy it at the beginning of the next end step."			Mercadian Masques	310	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Silkenfist Order	3WW	5	Creature ? Kor Soldier	"Whenever Silkenfist Order becomes blocked, untap it."	W	W	Nemesis	20	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Battlefield Percher	3BB	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Battlefield Percher can block only creatures with flying.
{1}{B}: Battlefield Percher gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Nemesis	52	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Ancient Hydra	4R	5	Creature ? Hydra	"Fading 5 (This creature enters the battlefield with five fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
{1}, Remove a fade counter from Ancient Hydra: It deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Nemesis	76	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Woodripper	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Fading 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
{1}, Remove a fade counter from Woodripper: Destroy target artifact."	G	G	Nemesis	125	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Spiketail Drake	3UU	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Sacrifice Spiketail Drake: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}."	U	U	Prophecy	48	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Scoria Cat	3RR	5	Creature ? Cat	Scoria Cat gets +3/+3 as long as you control no untapped lands.	R	R	Prophecy	101	uncommon	Andrew Goldhawk		
Kavu Chameleon	3GG	5	Creature ? Kavu	"This spell can't be countered.
{G}: Kavu Chameleon becomes the color of your choice until end of turn."	G	G	Invasion	191	uncommon	John Howe		
Treefolk Healer	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk Cleric	"{2}{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	G	W	Invasion	218	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Crosis's Attendant	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}, Sacrifice Crosis's Attendant: Add {U}{B}{R}."		U	Invasion	300	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Darigaaz's Attendant	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}, Sacrifice Darigaaz's Attendant: Add {B}{R}{G}."		R	Invasion	301	uncommon	Brom		
Dromar's Attendant	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}, Sacrifice Dromar's Attendant: Add {W}{U}{B}."		W	Invasion	303	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Rith's Attendant	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}, Sacrifice Rith's Attendant: Add {R}{G}{W}."		W	Invasion	310	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Treva's Attendant	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}, Sacrifice Treva's Attendant: Add {G}{W}{U}."		W	Invasion	315	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Penumbra Kavu	4G	5	Creature ? Kavu	"When Penumbra Kavu dies, create a 3/3 black Kavu creature token."	G	G	Apocalypse	83	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Minotaur Illusionist	3UR	5	Creature ? Minotaur Wizard	"{1}{U}: Minotaur Illusionist gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
{R}, Sacrifice Minotaur Illusionist: It deals damage equal to its power to target creature."	U	U	Apocalypse	111	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Dragon Arch	5	5	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: You may put a multicolored creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."			Apocalypse	135	uncommon	Dana Knutson		
Aven Archer	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier Archer	"Flying
{2}{W}, {T}: Aven Archer deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	W	W	Odyssey	6	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Balshan Griffin	3UU	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{1}{U}, Discard a card: Return Balshan Griffin to its owner's hand."	U	U	Odyssey	67	uncommon	Wayne England		
Pulsating Illusion	4U	5	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Discard a card: Pulsating Illusion gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	U	U	Odyssey	96	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Sadistic Hypnotist	3BB	5	Creature ? Human Minion	Sacrifice a creature: Target player discards two cards. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	B	B	Odyssey	159	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Dwarven Strike Force	4R	5	Creature ? Dwarf Berserker	Discard a card at random: Dwarven Strike Force gains first strike and haste until end of turn.	R	R	Odyssey	188	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Frenetic Ogre	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre	"{R}, Discard a card at random: Frenetic Ogre gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Odyssey	195	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Gorilla Titan	3GG	5	Creature ? Ape	"Trample
Gorilla Titan gets +4/+4 as long as there are no cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Odyssey	241	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Metamorphic Wurm	3GG	5	Creature ? Elephant Wurm	Threshold ? Metamorphic Wurm gets +4/+4 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	G	G	Odyssey	250	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Hydromorph Gull	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental Bird	"Flying
{U}, Sacrifice Hydromorph Gull: Counter target spell that targets a creature you control."	U	U	Torment	40	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Carrion Wurm	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Wurm	"Whenever Carrion Wurm attacks or blocks, any player may exile three cards from their graveyard. If a player does, Carrion Wurm assigns no combat damage this turn."	B	B	Torment	55	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Grotesque Hybrid	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Grotesque Hybrid deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated.
Discard a card: Grotesque Hybrid gains flying and protection from green and from white until end of turn."	B	B	Torment	63	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Phantom Flock	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier Spirit	"Flying
Phantom Flock enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Flock, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Flock."	W	W	Judgment	16	uncommon	David Martin		
Treacherous Vampire	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever Treacherous Vampire attacks or blocks, sacrifice it unless you exile a card from your graveyard.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Treacherous Vampire gets +2/+2 and has ""When Treacherous Vampire dies, you lose 6 life."""	B	B	Judgment	75	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Soulgorger Orgg	3RR	5	Creature ? Nightmare Orgg	"Trample
When Soulgorger Orgg enters the battlefield, you lose all but 1 life.
When Soulgorger Orgg leaves the battlefield, you gain life equal to the life you lost when it entered the battlefield."	R	R	Judgment	99	uncommon	John Matson		
Aven Soulgazer	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
{2}{W}: Look at target face-down creature."	W	W	Onslaught	8	uncommon	John Avon		
Ironfist Crusher	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Ironfist Crusher can block any number of creatures.
Morph {3}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	42	uncommon	Iain McCaig		
Mistform Shrieker	3UU	5	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{1}: Mistform Shrieker becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn.
Morph {3}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	96	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Riptide Chronologist	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, Sacrifice Riptide Chronologist: Untap all creatures of the creature type of your choice."	U	U	Onslaught	107	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Riptide Shapeshifter	3UU	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{2}{U}{U}, Sacrifice Riptide Shapeshifter: Choose a creature type. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card of that type. Put that card onto the battlefield and shuffle the rest into your library."	U	U	Onslaught	109	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Thrashing Mudspawn	3BB	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Thrashing Mudspawn is dealt damage, you lose that much life.
Morph {1}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	177	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Airdrop Condor	4R	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{1}{R}, Sacrifice a Goblin creature: Airdrop Condor deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to any target."	R	R	Onslaught	186	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Goblin Machinist	4R	5	Creature ? Goblin	"{2}{R}: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card. Goblin Machinist gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that card's converted mana cost. Put the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in any order."	R	R	Onslaught	204	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Snapping Thragg	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Snapping Thragg deals combat damage to a player, you may have it deal 3 damage to target creature that player controls.
Morph {4}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	233	uncommon	Iain McCaig		
Aven Warhawk	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Bird and/or Soldier card you reveal in your hand.)
Flying"	W	W	Legions	4	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Ward Sliver	4W	5	Creature ? Sliver	"As Ward Sliver enters the battlefield, choose a color.
All Slivers have protection from the chosen color."	W	W	Legions	25	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Mistform Wakecaster	4U	5	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
{1}: Mistform Wakecaster becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn.
{2}{U}{U}, {T}: Choose a creature type. Each creature you control becomes that type until end of turn."	U	U	Legions	48	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Warped Researcher	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard Mutant	"Whenever a player cycles a card, Warped Researcher gains flying and shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Legions	56	uncommon	rk post		
Corpse Harvester	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{1}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a Zombie card and a Swamp card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Legions	62	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Noxious Ghoul	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Noxious Ghoul or another Zombie enters the battlefield, all non-Zombie creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Legions	77	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Goblin Assassin	3RR	5	Creature ? Goblin Assassin	"Whenever Goblin Assassin or another Goblin enters the battlefield, each player flips a coin. Each player whose coin comes up tails sacrifices a creature."	R	R	Legions	95	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Totem Speaker	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever a Beast enters the battlefield, you may gain 3 life."	G	G	Legions	141	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Dragonstalker	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying, protection from Dragons"	W	W	Scourge	11	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Karona's Zealot	4W	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Morph {3}{W}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Karona's Zealot is turned face up, all damage that would be dealt to it this turn is dealt to target creature instead."	W	W	Scourge	18	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Extra Arms	4R	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, it deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Scourge	92	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Kurgadon	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever you cast a creature spell with converted mana cost 6 or greater, put three +1/+1 counters on Kurgadon."	G	G	Scourge	124	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Favorable Destiny	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 as long as it's white.
Enchanted creature has shroud as long as its controller controls another creature. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Mirage	16	uncommon	Thomas Gianni		
Coral Fighters	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Whenever Coral Fighters attacks and isn't blocked, look at the top card of defending player's library. You may put that card on the bottom of that player's library."	U	U	Mirage	59	uncommon	Steve Luke		
Blighted Shaman	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric Shaman	"{T}, Sacrifice a Swamp: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Mirage	107	uncommon	Ian Miller		
Mire Shade	1B	2	Creature ? Shade	"{B}, Sacrifice a Swamp: Put a +1/+1 counter on Mire Shade. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Mirage	131	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Consuming Ferocity	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant non-Wall creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+0 counter on enchanted creature. If that creature has three or more +1/+0 counters on it, it deals damage equal to its power to its controller, then destroy that creature and it can't be regenerated."	R	R	Mirage	166	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Dwarven Miner	1R	2	Creature ? Dwarf	"{2}{R}, {T}: Destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Mirage	169	uncommon	Jock		
Decomposition	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant black creature
Enchanted creature has ""Cumulative upkeep?Pay 1 life."" (At the beginning of its controller's upkeep, that player puts an age counter on it, then sacrifices it unless they pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When enchanted creature dies, its controller loses 2 life."	G	G	Mirage	212	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Karoo Meerkat	1G	2	Creature ? Mongoose	Protection from blue	G	G	Mirage	225	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Unseen Walker	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
{1}{G}{G}: Target creature gains forestwalk until end of turn."	G	G	Mirage	249	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Charcoal Diamond	2	2	Artifact	"Charcoal Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}."		B	Mirage	296	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Fire Diamond	2	2	Artifact	"Fire Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}."		R	Mirage	302	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Marble Diamond	2	2	Artifact	"Marble Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Mirage	310	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Moss Diamond	2	2	Artifact	"Moss Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}."		G	Mirage	312	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Sky Diamond	2	2	Artifact	"Sky Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}."		U	Mirage	319	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Telim'Tor's Darts	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Telim'Tor's Darts deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."			Mirage	321	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Longbow Archer	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	First strike; reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	W	W	Visions	12	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Relic Ward	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"You may cast Relic Ward as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Visions	16	uncommon	John Coulthart		
Brood of Cockroaches	1B	2	Creature ? Insect	"When Brood of Cockroaches is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, at the beginning of the next end step, you lose 1 life and return Brood of Cockroaches to your hand."	B	B	Visions	53	uncommon	Geofrey Darrow & I. Rabarot		
Vampirism	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Vampirism enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control.
Other creatures you control get -1/-1."	B	B	Visions	73	uncommon	Gary Leach		
Helm of Awakening	2	2	Artifact	Spells cost {1} less to cast.			Visions	145	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Revered Unicorn	1W	2	Creature ? Unicorn	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Revered Unicorn leaves the battlefield, you gain life equal to the number of age counters on it."	W	W	Weatherlight	23	uncommon	David A. Cherry		
Volunteer Reserves	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	W	W	Weatherlight	29	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Orcish Settlers	1R	2	Creature ? Orc	"{X}{X}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Orcish Settlers: Destroy X target lands."	R	R	Weatherlight	112	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Sylvan Hierophant	1G	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Sylvan Hierophant dies, exile Sylvan Hierophant, then return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Weatherlight	141	uncommon	Brian Durfee		
Jabari's Banner	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Target creature gains flanking until end of turn. (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)"			Weatherlight	150	uncommon	Mark Harrison		
Touchstone	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Tap target artifact you don't control.			Weatherlight	161	uncommon	George Pratt		
Quickening Licid	1W	2	Creature ? Licid	"{1}{W}, {T}: Quickening Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {W} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature has first strike."	W	W	Tempest	36	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Soltari Monk	WW	2	Creature ? Soltari Monk Cleric	"Protection from black
Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)"	W	W	Tempest	45	uncommon	Janet Aulisio		
Skyshroud Condor	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Cast this spell only if you've cast another spell this turn.
Flying"	U	U	Tempest	88	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Steal Enchantment	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant enchantment
You control enchanted enchantment."	U	U	Tempest	90	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Stinging Licid	1U	2	Creature ? Licid	"{1}{U}, {T}: Stinging Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {U} to end this effect.
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, Stinging Licid deals 2 damage to that creature's controller."	U	U	Tempest	91	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Wind Dancer	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
{T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Tempest	104	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Dauthi Ghoul	1B	2	Creature ? Dauthi Zombie	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever a creature with shadow dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Dauthi Ghoul."	B	B	Tempest	121	uncommon	Tom Kyffin		
Leeching Licid	1B	2	Creature ? Licid	"{B}, {T}: Leeching Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {B} to end this effect.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, Leeching Licid deals 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Tempest	141	uncommon	Joel Biske		
Enraging Licid	1R	2	Creature ? Licid	"{R}, {T}: Enraging Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {R} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature has haste."	R	R	Tempest	171	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Mogg Squad	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	Mogg Squad gets -1/-1 for each other creature on the battlefield.	R	R	Tempest	192	uncommon	Joel Biske		
Krakilin	XGG	2	Creature ? Beast	"Krakilin enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}{G}: Regenerate Krakilin."	G	G	Tempest	235	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Nurturing Licid	1G	2	Creature ? Licid	"{G}, {T}: Nurturing Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {G} to end this effect.
{G}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	G	G	Tempest	242	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Essence Bottle	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Put an elixir counter on Essence Bottle.
{T}, Remove all elixir counters from Essence Bottle: You gain 2 life for each elixir counter removed this way."			Tempest	286	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Excavator	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice a basic land: Target creature gains landwalk of each of the land types of the sacrificed land until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a land of any of those types.)"			Tempest	287	uncommon	Tom Kyffin		
Mogg Cannon	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Target creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains flying until end of turn. Destroy that creature at the beginning of the next end step.			Tempest	298	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Phyrexian Splicer	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Choose flying, first strike, trample, or shadow: Until end of turn, target creature with the chosen ability loses it and another target creature gains it."			Tempest	303	uncommon	Brom		
Warrior en-Kor	WW	2	Creature ? Kor Warrior Knight	{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Warrior en-Kor this turn is dealt to target creature you control instead.	W	W	Stronghold	23	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Wall of Tears	1U	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Wall of Tears blocks a creature, return that creature to its owner's hand at end of combat."	U	U	Stronghold	50	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Wall of Souls	1B	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Wall of Souls is dealt combat damage, it deals that much damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	B	B	Stronghold	75	uncommon	John Matson		
Mogg Maniac	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Mogg Maniac is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Stronghold	94	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Wall of Razors	1R	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
First strike"	R	R	Stronghold	100	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Acidic Sliver	BR	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{2}, Sacrifice this permanent: This permanent deals 2 damage to any target."""	R	R	Stronghold	126	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Crystalline Sliver	WU	2	Creature ? Sliver	All Slivers have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)	W	W	Stronghold	127	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Hibernation Sliver	UB	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""Pay 2 life: Return this permanent to its owner's hand."""	U	U	Stronghold	128	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Victual Sliver	GW	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{2}, Sacrifice this permanent: You gain 4 life."""	W	W	Stronghold	131	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Keeper of the Light	WW	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}, {T}: Choose target opponent who had more life than you did as you activated this ability. You gain 3 life."	W	W	Exodus	8	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Keeper of the Mind	UU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Choose target opponent who had at least two more cards in hand than you did as you activated this ability. Draw a card."	U	U	Exodus	36	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Dauthi Cutthroat	1B	2	Creature ? Dauthi Minion	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{1}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature with shadow."	B	B	Exodus	57	uncommon	Dermot Power		
Dauthi Warlord	1B	2	Creature ? Dauthi Soldier	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Dauthi Warlord's power is equal to the number of creatures with shadow on the battlefield."	B	B	Exodus	59	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Keeper of the Dead	BB	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{B}, {T}: Choose target opponent who had at least two fewer creature cards in their graveyard than you did as you activated this ability. Destroy target nonblack creature that player controls."	B	B	Exodus	65	uncommon	Brom		
Keeper of the Flame	RR	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{R}, {T}: Choose target opponent who had more life than you did as you activated this ability. Keeper of the Flame deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Exodus	85	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Paroxysm	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player reveals the top card of their library. If that card is a land card, destroy that creature. Otherwise, it gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	R	R	Exodus	94	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Keeper of the Beasts	GG	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{G}, {T}: Choose target opponent who controlled more creatures than you did as you activated this ability. Create a 2/2 green Beast creature token."	G	G	Exodus	112	uncommon	rk post		
Shimmering Barrier	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
First strike
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	50	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Lingering Mirage	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land is an Island.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	84	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Stern Proctor	UU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Stern Proctor enters the battlefield, return target artifact or enchantment to its owner's hand."	U	U	Urza's Saga	99	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Flesh Reaver	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	"Whenever Flesh Reaver deals damage to a creature or opponent, Flesh Reaver deals that much damage to you."	B	B	Urza's Saga	136	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Albino Troll	1G	2	Creature ? Troll	"Echo {1}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
{1}{G}: Regenerate Albino Troll."	G	G	Urza's Saga	231	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Endoskeleton	2	2	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Endoskeleton during your untap step.
{2}, {T}: Target creature gets +0/+3 for as long as Endoskeleton remains tapped."			Urza's Saga	294	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Pit Trap	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Pit Trap: Destroy target attacking creature without flying. It can't be regenerated."			Urza's Saga	307	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Wall of Junk	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Wall of Junk blocks, return it to its owner's hand at end of combat. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"			Urza's Saga	315	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Walking Sponge	1U	2	Creature ? Sponge	"{T}: Target creature loses your choice of flying, first strike, or trample until end of turn."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	47	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Treacherous Link	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
All damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature is dealt to its controller instead."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	71	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Jhoira's Toolbox	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Insect	{2}: Regenerate target artifact creature.			Urza's Legacy	128	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Festering Wound	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put an infection counter on Festering Wound.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, Festering Wound deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of infection counters on Festering Wound."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	61	uncommon	Chippy & Matthew D. Wilson		
Tonic Peddler	1W	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Target player gains 3 life."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	54	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Diplomatic Escort	1U	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Counter target spell or ability that targets a creature."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	74	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Cackling Witch	1B	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{X}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	119	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Pretender's Claim	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes blocked, tap all lands defending player controls."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	151	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Hammer Mage	1R	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{X}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Destroy all artifacts with converted mana cost X or less."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	193	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Kyren Legate	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"If an opponent controls a Plains and you control a Mountain, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Haste"	R	R	Mercadian Masques	197	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Silverglade Pathfinder	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad Spellshaper	"{1}{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	270	uncommon	rk post		
Credit Voucher	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Credit Voucher: Shuffle any number of cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards."			Mercadian Masques	289	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Iron Lance	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."			Mercadian Masques	300	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Jeweled Torque	2	2	Artifact	"As Jeweled Torque enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever a player casts a spell of the chosen color, you may pay {2}. If you do, you gain 2 life."			Mercadian Masques	301	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Toymaker	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Spellshaper	"{1}, {T}, Discard a card: Target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost until end of turn. (It retains its abilities.)"			Mercadian Masques	314	uncommon	Frank Kelly Freas		
Flowering Field	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."""	W	W	Prophecy	9	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Sunken Field	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}."""	U	U	Prophecy	51	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Nakaya Shade	1B	2	Creature ? Shade	{B}: Nakaya Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn unless any player pays {2}.	B	B	Prophecy	69	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Vintara Snapper	GG	2	Creature ? Turtle	Vintara Snapper has shroud as long as you control no untapped lands. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Prophecy	132	uncommon	Joel Biske		
Pledge of Loyalty	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from the colors of permanents you control. This effect doesn't remove Pledge of Loyalty."	W	W	Invasion	24	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Vodalian Hypnotist	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{2}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Invasion	84	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Firebrand Ranger	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{G}, {T}: You may put a basic land card from your hand onto the battlefield."	R	R	Invasion	143	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Skittish Kavu	1R	2	Creature ? Kavu	Skittish Kavu gets +1/+1 as long as no opponent controls a white or blue creature.	R	R	Invasion	168	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Sleeper's Robe	UB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	273	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Mogg Jailer	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	Mogg Jailer can't attack if defending player controls an untapped creature with power 2 or less.	R	R	Planeshift	68	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Vodalian Mystic	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{T}: Target instant or sorcery spell becomes the color of your choice.	U	U	Apocalypse	33	uncommon	Bob Petillo		
Emblazoned Golem	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Kicker {X} (You may pay an additional {X} as you cast this spell.)
Spend only colored mana on X. No more than one mana of each color may be spent this way.
If Emblazoned Golem was kicked, it enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."			Apocalypse	136	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Beloved Chaplain	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	Protection from creatures	W	W	Odyssey	11	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Soulcatcher	1W	2	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Whenever a creature with flying dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Soulcatcher."	W	W	Odyssey	47	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Thought Eater	1U	2	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
Your maximum hand size is reduced by three."	U	U	Odyssey	106	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Rotting Giant	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"Whenever Rotting Giant attacks or blocks, sacrifice it unless you exile a card from your graveyard."	B	B	Odyssey	158	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Minotaur Explorer	1R	2	Creature ? Minotaur Scout	"When Minotaur Explorer enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a card at random."	R	R	Odyssey	206	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Druid's Call	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature is dealt damage, its controller creates that many 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens."	G	G	Odyssey	239	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Skyshooter	1G	2	Creature ? Centaur Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{T}, Sacrifice Skyshooter: Destroy target attacking or blocking creature with flying."	G	G	Odyssey	270	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Millikin	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"{T}, Put the top card of your library into your graveyard: Add {C}."			Odyssey	302	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Steamclaw	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Exile target card from a graveyard.
{1}, Sacrifice Steamclaw: Exile target card from a graveyard."			Odyssey	310	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Strength of Isolation	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has protection from black.
Madness {W} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	W	W	Torment	17	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Cephalid Illusionist	1U	2	Creature ? Cephalid Wizard	"Whenever Cephalid Illusionist becomes the target of a spell or ability, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.
{2}{U}, {T}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by target creature you control this turn."	U	U	Torment	28	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Boneshard Slasher	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Boneshard Slasher gets +2/+2 and has ""When Boneshard Slasher becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."""	B	B	Torment	50	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Strength of Lunacy	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has protection from white.
Madness {B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Torment	86	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Seton's Scout	1G	2	Creature ? Centaur Druid Scout Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Threshold ? Seton's Scout gets +2/+2 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	G	G	Torment	138	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Infectious Rage	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-1.
When enchanted creature dies, choose a creature at random Infectious Rage can enchant. Return Infectious Rage to the battlefield attached to that creature."	R	R	Judgment	92	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Exoskeletal Armor	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in all graveyards."	G	G	Judgment	114	uncommon	Wayne England		
Forcemage Advocate	1G	2	Creature ? Centaur Shaman	{T}: Return target card from an opponent's graveyard to their hand. Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	G	G	Judgment	116	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Catapult Squad	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Tap two untapped Soldiers you control: Catapult Squad deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Onslaught	11	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Whipcorder	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Rebel	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature.
Morph {W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	60	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Aphetto Alchemist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Untap target artifact or creature.
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	64	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Mistform Stalker	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"{1}: Mistform Stalker becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn.
{2}{U}{U}: Mistform Stalker gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Onslaught	98	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Boneknitter	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"{1}{B}: Regenerate target Zombie.
Morph {2}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	128	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Headhunter	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Headhunter deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Morph {B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	156	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Custody Battle	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent gains control of this creature unless you sacrifice a land."""	R	R	Onslaught	197	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Dwarven Blastminer	1R	2	Creature ? Dwarf	"{2}{R}, {T}: Destroy target nonbasic land.
Morph {R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	199	uncommon	Gary Ruddell		
Spitfire Handler	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Spitfire Handler can't block creatures with power greater than Spitfire Handler's power.
{R}: Spitfire Handler gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Onslaught	236	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Bloodline Shaman	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Wizard Shaman	"{T}: Choose a creature type. Reveal the top card of your library. If that card is a creature card of the chosen type, put it into your hand. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard."	G	G	Onslaught	249	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Broodhatch Nantuko	1G	2	Creature ? Insect Druid	"Whenever Broodhatch Nantuko is dealt damage, you may create that many 1/1 green Insect creature tokens.
Morph {2}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	250	uncommon	Keith Garletts		
Cloudreach Cavalry	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As long as you control a Bird, Cloudreach Cavalry gets +2/+2 and has flying."	W	W	Legions	7	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Stoic Champion	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever a player cycles a card, Stoic Champion gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Legions	21	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt		
Wall of Deceit	1U	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{3}: Turn Wall of Deceit face down.
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Legions	55	uncommon	John Avon		
Earthblighter	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Destroy target land."	B	B	Legions	68	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Gempalm Strider	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	"Cycling {2}{G}{G} ({2}{G}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Gempalm Strider, Elf creatures get +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Legions	127	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Wirewood Hivemaster	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	"Whenever another nontoken Elf enters the battlefield, you may create a 1/1 green Insect creature token."	G	G	Legions	145	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Silver Knight	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike, protection from red"	W	W	Scourge	23	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Cabal Interrogator	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{X}{B}, {T}: Target player reveals X cards from their hand and you choose one of them. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Scourge	57	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Ark of Blight	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Ark of Blight: Destroy target land."			Scourge	140	uncommon	David Martin		
Cursed Totem	2	2	Artifact	Activated abilities of creatures can't be activated.			Mirage	299	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Chronatog	1U	2	Creature ? Atog	{0}: Chronatog gets +3/+3 until end of turn. You skip your next turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	U	U	Visions	28	rare	Christopher Rush		
Femeref Enchantress	GW	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever an enchantment is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."	W	W	Visions	129	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Pygmy Hippo	GU	2	Creature ? Hippo	"Whenever Pygmy Hippo attacks and isn't blocked, you may have defending player activate a mana ability of each land they control and lose all unspent mana. If you do, Pygmy Hippo assigns no combat damage this turn and at the beginning of your next main phase this turn, you add an amount of {C} equal to the amount of mana that player lost this way."	U	U	Visions	133	rare	Steve White		
Anvil of Bogardan	2	2	Artifact	"Players have no maximum hand size.
At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card, then discards a card."			Visions	141	rare	Roger Raupp		
Wand of Denial	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Look at the top card of target player's library. If it's a nonland card, you may pay 2 life. If you do, put it into that player's graveyard."			Visions	159	rare	Steve Luke		
Ertai's Familiar	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
When Ertai's Familiar phases out or leaves the battlefield, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.
{U}: Until your next upkeep, Ertai's Familiar can't phase out."	U	U	Weatherlight	38	rare	Kipling West		
Tolarian Entrancer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever Tolarian Entrancer becomes blocked by a creature, gain control of that creature at end of combat."	U	U	Weatherlight	56	rare	Bryan Talbot		
Null Rod	2	2	Artifact	Activated abilities of artifacts can't be activated.			Weatherlight	154	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Oracle en-Vec	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Target opponent chooses any number of creatures they control. During that player's next turn, the chosen creatures attack if able, and other creatures can't attack. At the beginning of that turn's end step, destroy each of the chosen creatures that didn't attack this turn. Activate this ability only during your turn."	W	W	Tempest	31	rare	Dan Frazier		
Carrionette	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton	{2}{B}{B}: Exile Carrionette and target creature unless that creature's controller pays {2}. Activate this ability only if Carrionette is in your graveyard.	B	B	Tempest	111	rare	Pete Venters		
Shocker	1R	2	Creature ? Insect	"Whenever Shocker deals damage to a player, that player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards."	R	R	Tempest	204	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
"Eladamri, Lord of Leaves"	GG	2	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Other Elf creatures have forestwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
Other Elves have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Tempest	224	rare	Ron Chironna		
Dracoplasm	UR	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Flying
As Dracoplasm enters the battlefield, sacrifice any number of creatures. Dracoplasm's power becomes the total power of those creatures and its toughness becomes their total toughness.
{R}: Dracoplasm gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Tempest	266	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Wood Sage	GU	2	Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Choose a creature card name. Reveal the top four cards of your library and put all of them with that name into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	U	U	Tempest	275	rare	Paolo Parente		
Emerald Medallion	2	2	Artifact	Green spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Tempest	283	rare	Sue Ellen Brown		
Jet Medallion	2	2	Artifact	Black spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Tempest	292	rare	Sue Ellen Brown		
Magnetic Web	2	2	Artifact	"If a creature with a magnet counter on it attacks, all creatures with magnet counters on them attack if able.
Whenever a creature with a magnet counter on it attacks, all creatures with magnet counters on them block that creature this turn if able.
{1}, {T}: Put a magnet counter on target creature."			Tempest	295	rare	Adam Rex		
Pearl Medallion	2	2	Artifact	White spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Tempest	300	rare	Sue Ellen Brown		
Ruby Medallion	2	2	Artifact	Red spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Tempest	305	rare	Sue Ellen Brown		
Sapphire Medallion	2	2	Artifact	Blue spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Tempest	306	rare	Sue Ellen Brown		
Scalding Tongs	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have three or fewer cards in hand, Scalding Tongs deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."			Tempest	307	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Scroll Rack	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Exile any number of cards from your hand face down. Put that many cards from the top of your library into your hand. Then look at the exiled cards and put them on top of your library in any order."			Tempest	308	rare	Heather Hudson		
Thumbscrews	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have five or more cards in hand, Thumbscrews deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."			Tempest	312	rare	Charles Gillespie		
Shaman en-Kor	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Cleric Shaman	"{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Shaman en-Kor this turn is dealt to target creature you control instead.
{1}{W}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to target creature this turn, that damage is dealt to Shaman en-Kor instead."	W	W	Stronghold	15	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Jinxed Ring	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a nontoken permanent is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, Jinxed Ring deals 1 damage to you.
Sacrifice a creature: Target opponent gains control of Jinxed Ring. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Stronghold	137	rare	M. W. Kaluta & DiTerlizzi		
Sword of the Chosen	2	2	Legendary Artifact	{T}: Target legendary creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.			Stronghold	141	rare	Adam Rex		
Plaguebearer	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	{X}{X}{B}: Destroy target nonblack creature with converted mana cost X.	B	B	Exodus	71	rare	Ron Spencer		
Skyshroud War Beast	1G	2	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
As Skyshroud War Beast enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
Skyshroud War Beast's power and toughness are each equal to the number of nonbasic lands the chosen player controls."	G	G	Exodus	124	rare	Jim Nelson		
Sphere of Resistance	2	2	Artifact	Spells cost {1} more to cast.			Exodus	139	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Faith Healer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	Sacrifice an enchantment: You gain life equal to the sacrificed enchantment's converted mana cost.	W	W	Urza's Saga	14	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Gilded Drake	1U	2	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Gilded Drake enters the battlefield, exchange control of Gilded Drake and up to one target creature an opponent controls. If you don't or can't make an exchange, sacrifice Gilded Drake. This ability still resolves if its target becomes illegal."	U	U	Urza's Saga	76	rare	Bob Eggleton		
Argothian Enchantress	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Saga	234	rare	Daren Bader		
Copper Gnomes	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Gnome	"{4}, Sacrifice Copper Gnomes: You may put an artifact card from your hand onto the battlefield."			Urza's Saga	291	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Fluctuator	2	2	Artifact	Cycling abilities you activate cost up to {2} less to activate.			Urza's Saga	295	rare	John Matson		
Lotus Blossom	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a petal counter on Lotus Blossom.
{T}, Sacrifice Lotus Blossom: Add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of petal counters on Lotus Blossom."			Urza's Saga	300	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Temporal Aperture	2	2	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Shuffle your library, then reveal the top card. Until end of turn, for as long as that card remains on top of your library, play with the top card of your library revealed and you may play that card without paying its mana cost. (If it has X in its mana cost, X is 0.)"			Urza's Saga	310	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Molten Hydra	1R	2	Creature ? Hydra	"{1}{R}{R}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Molten Hydra.
{T}, Remove all +1/+1 counters from Molten Hydra: It deals damage to any target equal to the number of +1/+1 counters removed this way."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	85	rare	Greg Staples		
Thran Lens	2	2	Artifact	All permanents are colorless.			Urza's Legacy	133	rare	Allen Williams		
Apprentice Necromancer	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Apprentice Necromancer: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, sacrifice it."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	51	rare	Pete Venters		
Powder Keg	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a fuse counter on Powder Keg.
{T}, Sacrifice Powder Keg: Destroy each artifact and creature with converted mana cost equal to the number of fuse counters on Powder Keg."			Urza's Destiny	136	rare	Dan Frazier		
Scrying Glass	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Choose a number greater than 0 and a color. Target opponent reveals their hand. If that opponent reveals exactly the chosen number of cards of the chosen color, you draw a card."			Urza's Destiny	137	rare	Patrick Ho		
Overtaker	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Spellshaper	"{3}{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Untap target creature and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	89	rare	Clyde Caldwell		
Saprazzan Heir	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk	"Whenever Saprazzan Heir becomes blocked, you may draw three cards."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	99	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Instigator	1B	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{B}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Creatures target player controls attack this turn if able."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	140	rare	Fred Fields		
Silent Assassin	BB	2	Creature ? Human Mercenary Assassin	{3}{B}: Destroy target blocking creature at end of combat.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	160	rare	rk post		
Dawnstrider	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad Spellshaper	"{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	237	rare	rk post		
Deepwood Elder	GG	2	Creature ? Dryad Spellshaper	"{X}{G}{G}, {T}, Discard a card: X target lands become Forests until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	240	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Mercadian Lift	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Put a winch counter on Mercadian Lift.
{T}, Remove X winch counters from Mercadian Lift: You may put a creature card with converted mana cost X from your hand onto the battlefield."			Mercadian Masques	306	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Rishadan Pawnshop	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Shuffle target nontoken permanent you control into its owner's library."			Mercadian Masques	311	rare	Joel Biske		
Avenger en-Dal	1W	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Exile target attacking creature. Its controller gains life equal to its toughness."	W	W	Nemesis	2	rare	Ron Spencer		
Rootwater Thief	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"{U}: Rootwater Thief gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever Rootwater Thief deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}. If you do, search that player's library for a card and exile it, then the player shuffles their library."	U	U	Nemesis	40	rare	Ron Spears		
Divining Witch	1B	2	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Choose a card name. Exile the top six cards of your library, then reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card with the chosen name. Put that card into your hand and exile all other cards revealed this way."	B	B	Nemesis	57	rare	Donato Giancola		
Shrieking Mogg	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Haste
When Shrieking Mogg enters the battlefield, tap all other creatures."	R	R	Nemesis	99	rare	Dan Frazier		
Parallax Inhibitor	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Parallax Inhibitor: Put a fade counter on each permanent with fading you control."			Nemesis	134	rare	Greg Staples		
Veteran Brawlers	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Veteran Brawlers can't attack if defending player controls an untapped land.
Veteran Brawlers can't block if you control an untapped land."	R	R	Prophecy	106	rare	Paolo Parente		
Sapphire Leech	1U	2	Creature ? Leech	"Flying
Blue spells you cast cost {U} more to cast."	U	U	Invasion	71	rare	Ron Spencer		
Ruby Leech	1R	2	Creature ? Leech	"First strike
Red spells you cast cost {R} more to cast."	R	R	Invasion	161	rare	Jacques Bredy		
Blurred Mongoose	1G	2	Creature ? Mongoose	"This spell can't be countered.
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Invasion	183	rare	Heather Hudson		
Kavu Titan	1G	2	Creature ? Kavu	"Kicker {2}{G} (You may pay an additional {2}{G} as you cast this spell.)
If Kavu Titan was kicked, it enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it and with trample."	G	G	Invasion	194	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Juntu Stakes	2	2	Artifact	Creatures with power 1 or less don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.			Invasion	304	rare	Mark Brill		
Tsabo's Web	2	2	Artifact	"When Tsabo's Web enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Each land with an activated ability that isn't a mana ability doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."			Invasion	317	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Degavolver	1W	2	Creature ? Volver	"Kicker {1}{B} and/or {R} (You may pay an additional {1}{B} and/or {R} as you cast this spell.)
If Degavolver was kicked with its {1}{B} kicker, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with ""Pay 3 life: Regenerate Degavolver.""
If Degavolver was kicked with its {R} kicker, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it and with first strike."	W	W	Apocalypse	6	rare	Ron Spencer		
Spectral Lynx	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Spirit	"Protection from green
{B}: Regenerate Spectral Lynx."	W	W	Apocalypse	17	rare	Heather Hudson		
Cetavolver	1U	2	Creature ? Volver	"Kicker {1}{R} and/or {G} (You may pay an additional {1}{R} and/or {G} as you cast this spell.)
If Cetavolver was kicked with its {1}{R} kicker, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with first strike.
If Cetavolver was kicked with its {G} kicker, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it and with trample."	U	U	Apocalypse	21	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Mask of Intolerance	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if there are four or more basic land types among lands that player controls, Mask of Intolerance deals 3 damage to that player."			Apocalypse	138	rare	Glen Angus		
Bloodcurdler	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, put the top card of your library into your graveyard.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Bloodcurdler gets +1/+1 and has ""At the beginning of your end step, exile two cards from your graveyard."""	B	B	Odyssey	116	rare	Adam Rex		
Pardic Miner	1R	2	Creature ? Dwarf	Sacrifice Pardic Miner: Target player can't play lands this turn.	R	R	Odyssey	212	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Catalyst Stone	2	2	Artifact	"Flashback costs you pay cost up to {2} less.
Flashback costs your opponents pay cost {2} more."			Odyssey	297	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Cephalid Vandal	1U	2	Creature ? Cephalid Rogue	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a shred counter on Cephalid Vandal. Then put the top card of your library into your graveyard for each shred counter on Cephalid Vandal."	U	U	Torment	31	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Tempting Wurm	1G	2	Creature ? Wurm	"When Tempting Wurm enters the battlefield, each opponent may put any number of artifact, creature, enchantment, and/or land cards from their hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Onslaught	291	rare	Bob Petillo		
Dream Chisel	2	2	Artifact	Face-down creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Onslaught	308	rare	Ron Spears		
Beacon of Destiny	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, that damage is dealt to Beacon of Destiny instead."	W	W	Legions	5	rare	Tim Hildebrandt		
Sunstrike Legionnaire	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Sunstrike Legionnaire doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, untap Sunstrike Legionnaire.
{T}: Tap target creature with converted mana cost 3 or less."	W	W	Legions	22	rare	Mark Zug		
Riptide Mangler	1U	2	Creature ? Beast	{1}{U}: Change Riptide Mangler's base power to target creature's power. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	U	U	Legions	51	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Skirk Alarmist	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Haste
{T}: Turn target face-down creature you control face up. At the beginning of the next end step, sacrifice it."	R	R	Legions	111	rare	Justin Sweet		
Tribal Forcemage	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"Morph {1}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Tribal Forcemage is turned face up, creatures of the creature type of your choice get +2/+2 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Legions	142	rare	Greg Staples		
Exiled Doomsayer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	All morph costs cost {2} more. (This doesn't affect the cost to cast creature spells face down.)	W	W	Scourge	13	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Consumptive Goo	BB	2	Creature ? Ooze	{2}{B}{B}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Put a +1/+1 counter on Consumptive Goo.	B	B	Scourge	62	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Stabilizer	2	2	Artifact	Players can't cycle cards.			Scourge	142	rare	David Martin		
Vigilant Martyr	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Sacrifice Vigilant Martyr: Regenerate target creature.
{W}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Vigilant Martyr: Counter target spell that targets an enchantment."	W	W	Mirage	45	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Mind Harness	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant red or green creature
Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Mirage	78	uncommon	John Malloy		
Goblin Soothsayer	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Red creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	179	uncommon	Robert Bliss		
Bad River		0	Land	"Bad River enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Bad River: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Mirage	324	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Crystal Vein		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Crystal Vein: Add {C}{C}."			Mirage	325	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Flood Plain		0	Land	"Flood Plain enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Flood Plain: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Mirage	326	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Grasslands		0	Land	"Grasslands enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Grasslands: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Mirage	327	uncommon	John Avon		
Mountain Valley		0	Land	"Mountain Valley enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Mountain Valley: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Mirage	328	uncommon	Kari Johnson		
Rocky Tar Pit		0	Land	"Rocky Tar Pit enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Rocky Tar Pit: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Mirage	329	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Mob Mentality	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has trample.
Whenever all non-Wall creatures you control attack, enchanted creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of attacking creatures."	R	R	Visions	88	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Juju Bubble	1	1	Artifact	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When you play a card, sacrifice Juju Bubble.
{2}: You gain 1 life."			Visions	147	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Magma Mine	1	1	Artifact	"{4}: Put a pressure counter on Magma Mine.
{T}, Sacrifice Magma Mine: It deals damage equal to the number of pressure counters on it to any target."			Visions	149	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Coral Atoll		0	Land	"Coral Atoll enters the battlefield tapped.
When Coral Atoll enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Island you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {C}{U}."		U	Visions	160	uncommon	John Avon		
Dormant Volcano		0	Land	"Dormant Volcano enters the battlefield tapped.
When Dormant Volcano enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Mountain you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {C}{R}."		R	Visions	161	uncommon	John Avon		
Everglades		0	Land	"Everglades enters the battlefield tapped.
When Everglades enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Swamp you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {C}{B}."		B	Visions	162	uncommon	Bob Eggleton		
Jungle Basin		0	Land	"Jungle Basin enters the battlefield tapped.
When Jungle Basin enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Forest you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {C}{G}."		G	Visions	164	uncommon	John Avon		
Karoo		0	Land	"Karoo enters the battlefield tapped.
When Karoo enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Plains you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {C}{W}."		W	Visions	165	uncommon	Zina Saunders		
Cloud Djinn	5U	6	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Cloud Djinn can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Weatherlight	36	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Circling Vultures	B	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
You may discard Circling Vultures any time you could cast an instant.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Circling Vultures unless you exile the top creature card of your graveyard."	B	B	Weatherlight	64	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Roc Hatchling	R	1	Creature ? Bird	"Roc Hatchling enters the battlefield with four shell counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a shell counter from Roc Hatchling.
As long as Roc Hatchling has no shell counters on it, it gets +3/+2 and has flying."	R	R	Weatherlight	113	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Veteran Explorer	G	1	Creature ? Human Soldier Scout	"When Veteran Explorer dies, each player may search their library for up to two basic land cards and put them onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	G	G	Weatherlight	144	uncommon	David A. Cherry		
Phyrexian Furnace	1	1	Artifact	"{T}: Exile the bottom card of target player's graveyard.
{1}, Sacrifice Phyrexian Furnace: Exile target card from a graveyard. Draw a card."			Weatherlight	155	uncommon	George Pratt		
Straw Golem	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, sacrifice Straw Golem."			Weatherlight	158	uncommon	Bryan Talbot		
Flickering Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Flickering Ward enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Enchanted creature has protection from the chosen color. This effect doesn't remove Flickering Ward.
{W}: Return Flickering Ward to its owner's hand."	W	W	Tempest	19	uncommon	Greg Simanson		
Rootwater Diver	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk	"{T}, Sacrifice Rootwater Diver: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Tempest	81	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Tahngarth's Rage	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 as long as it's attacking. Otherwise, it gets -2/-1."	R	R	Tempest	209	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Ancient Tomb		0	Land	{T}: Add {C}{C}. Ancient Tomb deals 2 damage to you.			Tempest	315	uncommon	Colin MacNeil		
Cinder Marsh		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}. Cinder Marsh doesn't untap during your next untap step."		R	Tempest	317	uncommon	John Matson		
Ghost Town		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{0}: Return Ghost Town to its owner's hand. Activate this ability only if it's not your turn."			Tempest	318	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Maze of Shadows		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Untap target attacking creature with shadow. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn."			Tempest	319	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Mogg Hollows		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}. Mogg Hollows doesn't untap during your next untap step."		R	Tempest	320	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Rootwater Depths		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}. Rootwater Depths doesn't untap during your next untap step."		U	Tempest	323	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Thalakos Lowlands		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}. Thalakos Lowlands doesn't untap during your next untap step."		W	Tempest	328	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Vec Townships		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}. Vec Townships doesn't untap during your next untap step."		W	Tempest	329	uncommon	Eric David Anderson		
Wasteland		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Wasteland: Destroy target nonbasic land."			Tempest	330	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Shifting Wall	X	0	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Shifting Wall enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."			Stronghold	140	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Skyshroud Elite	G	1	Creature ? Elf	Skyshroud Elite gets +1/+2 as long as an opponent controls a nonbasic land.	G	G	Exodus	123	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Songstitcher	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	{1}{W}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by target attacking creature with flying.	W	W	Urza's Saga	52	uncommon	Berry		
Goblin Cadets	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Goblin Cadets blocks or becomes blocked, target opponent gains control of it. (This removes Goblin Cadets from combat.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	189	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Goblin Lackey	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Goblin Lackey deals damage to a player, you may put a Goblin permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield."	R	R	Urza's Saga	190	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Thran Turbine	1	1	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may add {C}{C}. You can't spend this mana to cast spells."			Urza's Saga	311	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Blasted Landscape		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"			Urza's Saga	319	uncommon	Ciruelo		
Mother of Runes	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	14	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
King Crab	4UU	6	Creature ? Crab	"{1}{U}, {T}: Put target green creature on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	34	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Gang of Elk	5G	6	Creature ? Elk Beast	"Whenever Gang of Elk becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	102	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Archery Training	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put an arrow counter on Archery Training.
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals X damage to target attacking or blocking creature, where X is the number of arrow counters on Archery Training."""	W	W	Urza's Destiny	2	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Private Research	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a page counter on Private Research.
When enchanted creature dies, draw a card for each page counter on Private Research."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	41	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Incendiary	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a fuse counter on Incendiary.
When enchanted creature dies, Incendiary deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of fuse counters on Incendiary."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	89	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Braidwood Sextant	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Braidwood Sextant: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Urza's Destiny	127	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Thran Foundry	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Exile Thran Foundry: Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library."			Urza's Destiny	140	uncommon	John Zeleznik		
Molting Harpy	B	1	Creature ? Harpy Mercenary	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Molting Harpy unless you pay {2}."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	148	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Fountain of Cho		0	Land	"Fountain of Cho enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Put a storage counter on Fountain of Cho.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Fountain of Cho: Add {W} for each storage counter removed this way."		W	Mercadian Masques	317	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Henge of Ramos		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Mercadian Masques	318	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Mercadian Bazaar		0	Land	"Mercadian Bazaar enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Put a storage counter on Mercadian Bazaar.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Mercadian Bazaar: Add {R} for each storage counter removed this way."		R	Mercadian Masques	321	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Rushwood Grove		0	Land	"Rushwood Grove enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Put a storage counter on Rushwood Grove.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Rushwood Grove: Add {G} for each storage counter removed this way."		G	Mercadian Masques	325	uncommon	George Pratt		
Saprazzan Cove		0	Land	"Saprazzan Cove enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Put a storage counter on Saprazzan Cove.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Saprazzan Cove: Add {U} for each storage counter removed this way."		U	Mercadian Masques	327	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Subterranean Hangar		0	Land	"Subterranean Hangar enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Put a storage counter on Subterranean Hangar.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Subterranean Hangar: Add {B} for each storage counter removed this way."		B	Mercadian Masques	329	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Nesting Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Nesting Wurm enters the battlefield, you may search your library for up to three cards named Nesting Wurm, reveal them, and put them into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	G	G	Nemesis	107	uncommon	rk post		
Stampede Driver	G	1	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{1}{G}, {T}, Discard a card: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Nemesis	122	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Flowstone Thopter	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	{1}: Flowstone Thopter gets +1/-1 and gains flying until end of turn.			Nemesis	132	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Terrain Generator		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: You may put a basic land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped."			Nemesis	143	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Rhystic Cave		0	Land	{T}: Choose a color. Add one mana of that color unless any player pays {1}. Activate this ability only any time you could cast an instant.			Prophecy	142	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Ruham Djinn	5W	6	Creature ? Djinn	"First strike
Ruham Djinn gets -2/-2 as long as white is the most common color among all permanents or is tied for most common."	W	W	Invasion	35	uncommon	Jeff Easley		
Wayfaring Giant	5W	6	Creature ? Giant	Domain ? Wayfaring Giant gets +1/+1 for each basic land type among lands you control.	W	W	Invasion	44	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Essence Leak	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
As long as enchanted permanent is red or green, it has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this permanent unless you pay its mana cost."""	U	U	Invasion	55	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Zanam Djinn	5U	6	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Zanam Djinn gets -2/-2 as long as blue is the most common color among all permanents or is tied for most common."	U	U	Invasion	90	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Goham Djinn	5B	6	Creature ? Djinn	"{1}{B}: Regenerate Goham Djinn.
Goham Djinn gets -2/-2 as long as black is the most common color among all permanents or is tied for most common."	B	B	Invasion	107	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Goblin Spy	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	Play with the top card of your library revealed.	R	R	Invasion	145	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Halam Djinn	5R	6	Creature ? Djinn	"Haste
Halam Djinn gets -2/-2 as long as red is the most common color among all permanents or is tied for most common."	R	R	Invasion	146	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Sulam Djinn	5G	6	Creature ? Djinn	"Trample
Sulam Djinn gets -2/-2 as long as green is the most common color among all permanents or is tied for most common."	G	G	Invasion	212	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Alloy Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"As Alloy Golem enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Alloy Golem is the chosen color. (It's still an artifact.)"			Invasion	297	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Archaeological Dig		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Archaeological Dig: Add one mana of any color."			Invasion	320	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Multani's Harmony	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Planeshift	84	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Razing Snidd	4BR	6	Creature ? Beast	"When Razing Snidd enters the battlefield, return a black or red creature you control to its owner's hand.
When Razing Snidd enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices a land."	R	R	Planeshift	121	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Stratadon	10	10	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"Domain ? This spell costs {1} less to cast for each basic land type among lands you control.
Trample"			Planeshift	135	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Crosis's Catacombs		0	Land ? Lair	"When Crosis's Catacombs enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return a non-Lair land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {U}, {B}, or {R}."		U	Planeshift	136	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Darigaaz's Caldera		0	Land ? Lair	"When Darigaaz's Caldera enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return a non-Lair land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {B}, {R}, or {G}."		R	Planeshift	137	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Dromar's Cavern		0	Land ? Lair	"When Dromar's Cavern enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return a non-Lair land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {W}, {U}, or {B}."		W	Planeshift	138	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Rith's Grove		0	Land ? Lair	"When Rith's Grove enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return a non-Lair land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {R}, {G}, or {W}."		W	Planeshift	141	uncommon	Scott Bailey		
Terminal Moraine		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Terminal Moraine: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."			Planeshift	142	uncommon	Scott Bailey		
Treva's Ruins		0	Land ? Lair	"When Treva's Ruins enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return a non-Lair land you control to its owner's hand.
{T}: Add {G}, {W}, or {U}."		W	Planeshift	143	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Coalition Flag	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a Flagbearer.
While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose at least one Flagbearer on the battlefield if able."	W	W	Apocalypse	2	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Kavu Howler	4GG	6	Creature ? Kavu	"When Kavu Howler enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all Kavu cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	G	G	Apocalypse	79	uncommon	Wayne England		
Mystic Penitent	W	1	Creature ? Human Nomad Mystic	"Vigilance
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Mystic Penitent gets +1/+1 and has flying."	W	W	Odyssey	34	uncommon	Larry Elmore		
Face of Fear	5B	6	Creature ? Horror	"{2}{B}, Discard a card: Face of Fear gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Odyssey	134	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Spark Mage	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf Wizard	"Whenever Spark Mage deals combat damage to a player, you may have Spark Mage deal 1 damage to target creature that player controls."	R	R	Odyssey	222	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Crashing Centaur	4GG	6	Creature ? Centaur	"{G}, Discard a card: Crashing Centaur gains trample until end of turn.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Crashing Centaur gets +2/+2 and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Odyssey	235	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Darkwater Egg	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Darkwater Egg: Add {U}{B}. Draw a card."		U	Odyssey	299	uncommon	David Martin		
Limestone Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{2}, Sacrifice Limestone Golem: Target player draws a card."			Odyssey	301	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Tidal Surge	1U	2	Sorcery	Tap up to three target creatures without flying.	U	U	Stronghold	46	common	Doug Chaffee		
Brush with Death	2B	3	Sorcery	"Buyback {2}{B}{B} (You may pay an additional {2}{B}{B} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target opponent loses 2 life. You gain 2 life."	B	B	Stronghold	52	common	Stephen Daniele		
Cannibalize	1B	2	Sorcery	Choose two target creatures controlled by the same player. Exile one of those creatures and put two +1/+1 counters on the other.	B	B	Stronghold	53	common	Robert Bliss		
Death Stroke	BB	2	Sorcery	Destroy target tapped creature.	B	B	Stronghold	57	common	Colin MacNeil		
Lab Rats	B	1	Sorcery	"Buyback {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Create a 1/1 black Rat creature token."	B	B	Stronghold	61	common	DiTerlizzi		
Mob Justice	1R	2	Sorcery	Mob Justice deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of creatures you control.	R	R	Stronghold	90	common	Ron Spencer		
Seething Anger	R	1	Sorcery	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Stronghold	96	common	Val Mayerik		
Elven Rite	1G	2	Sorcery	Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures.	G	G	Stronghold	106	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Aether Tide	XU	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X creature cards.
Return X target creatures to their owners' hands."	U	U	Exodus	27	common	Andrew Robinson		
Fade Away	2U	3	Sorcery	"For each creature, its controller sacrifices a permanent unless they pay {1}."	U	U	Exodus	34	common	Jeff Miracola		
Theft of Dreams	2U	3	Sorcery	Draw a card for each tapped creature target opponent controls.	U	U	Exodus	49	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Death's Duet	2B	3	Sorcery	Return two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Exodus	60	common	Keith Parkinson		
Path of Peace	3W	4	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Its owner gains 4 life.	W	W	Urza's Saga	29	common	Val Mayerik		
Exhume	1B	2	Sorcery	Each player puts a creature card from their graveyard onto the battlefield.	B	B	Urza's Saga	134	common	Carl Critchlow		
Unnerve	3B	4	Sorcery	Each opponent discards two cards.	B	B	Urza's Saga	162	common	Terese Nielsen		
Lay Waste	3R	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target land.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	201	common	Terese Nielsen		
Raze	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
Destroy target land."	R	R	Urza's Saga	207	common	Mike Raabe		
Gaea's Bounty	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two Forest cards, reveal those cards, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Urza's Saga	254	common	Stephen Daniele		
Hush	3G	4	Sorcery	"Destroy all enchantments.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	266	common	Rebecca Guay		
Rejuvenate	3G	4	Sorcery	"You gain 6 life.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	271	common	Greg Simanson		
Ostracize	B	1	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a creature card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Urza's Legacy	57	common	Chippy		
Fatigue	1U	2	Sorcery	Target player skips their next draw step.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	32	common	Jeff Miracola		
Bubbling Muck	B	1	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, whenever a player taps a Swamp for mana, that player adds an additional {B}."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	54	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Flame Jet	1R	2	Sorcery	"Flame Jet deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Urza's Destiny	81	common	John Avon		
Reckless Abandon	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Reckless Abandon deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	94	common	Ron Spears		
Scent of Cinder	1R	2	Sorcery	"Reveal any number of red cards in your hand. Scent of Cinder deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of cards revealed this way."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	96	common	Marc Fishman		
Multani's Decree	3G	4	Sorcery	Destroy all enchantments. You gain 2 life for each enchantment destroyed this way.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	114	common	Eric Peterson		
Rofellos's Gift	G	1	Sorcery	Reveal any number of green cards in your hand. Return an enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand for each card revealed this way.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	119	common	Pete Venters		
Misstep	1U	2	Sorcery	Creatures target player controls don't untap during that player's next untap step.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	88	common	Kev Walker		
Specter's Wail	1B	2	Sorcery	Target player discards a card at random.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	164	common	Randy Gallegos		
Land Grant	1G	2	Sorcery	"If you have no land cards in hand, you may reveal your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Search your library for a Forest card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	255	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Squall	2G	3	Sorcery	Squall deals 2 damage to each creature with flying.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	275	common	Val Mayerik		
Tranquility	2G	3	Sorcery	Destroy all enchantments.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	280	common	Heather Hudson		
Topple	2W	3	Sorcery	"Exile target creature with the greatest power among creatures on the battlefield. (If two or more creatures are tied for greatest power, target any one of them.)"	W	W	Nemesis	24	common	Daren Bader		
Mind Swords	1B	2	Sorcery	"If you control a Swamp, you may sacrifice a creature rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Each player exiles two cards from their hand."	B	B	Nemesis	60	common	Daren Bader		
Flame Rift	1R	2	Sorcery	Flame Rift deals 4 damage to each player.	R	R	Nemesis	80	common	Ben Thompson		
Reverent Silence	3G	4	Sorcery	"If you control a Forest, rather than pay this spell's mana cost, you may have each other player gain 6 life.
Destroy all enchantments."	G	G	Nemesis	111	common	Don Hazeltine		
Skyshroud Claim	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two Forest cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Nemesis	117	common	Mark Romanoski		
Despoil	3B	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Its controller loses 2 life.	B	B	Prophecy	62	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Flay	3B	4	Sorcery	Target player discards a card at random. Then that player discards another card at random unless they pay {1}.	B	B	Prophecy	65	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Soul Strings	XB	1	Sorcery	Return two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand unless any player pays {X}.	B	B	Prophecy	78	common	Daren Bader		
Devastate	3RR	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Devastate deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.	R	R	Prophecy	87	common	Greg Staples		
Calming Verse	3G	4	Sorcery	"Destroy all enchantments you don't control. Then if you control an untapped land, destroy all enchantments you control."	G	G	Prophecy	110	common	Rebecca Guay		
Probe	2U	3	Sorcery	"Kicker {1}{B} (You may pay an additional {1}{B} as you cast this spell.)
Draw three cards, then discard two cards. If this spell was kicked, target player discards two cards."	U	U	Invasion	66	common	Eric Peterson		
Addle	1B	2	Sorcery	Choose a color. Target player reveals their hand and you choose a card of that color from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Invasion	91	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Hypnotic Cloud	1B	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Target player discards a card. If this spell was kicked, that player discards three cards instead."	B	B	Invasion	109	common	Randy Gallegos		
Soul Burn	X2B	3	Sorcery	"Spend only black and/or red mana on X.
Soul Burn deals X damage to any target. You gain life equal to the damage dealt, but not more than the amount of {B} spent on X, the player's life total before the damage was dealt, the planeswalker's loyalty before the damage was dealt, or the creature's toughness."	B	B	Invasion	124	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Savage Offensive	1R	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {G} (You may pay an additional {G} as you cast this spell.)
Creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, they get +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Invasion	162	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Wandering Stream	2G	3	Sorcery	Domain ? You gain 2 life for each basic land type among lands you control.	G	G	Invasion	224	common	Quinton Hoover		
Plague Spores	4BR	6	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature and target land. They can't be regenerated.	R	R	Invasion	260	common	Randy Gallegos		
Bog Down	2B	3	Sorcery	"Kicker?Sacrifice two lands. (You may sacrifice two lands in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Target player discards two cards. If this spell was kicked, that player discards three cards instead."	B	B	Planeshift	39	common	Andrew Goldhawk		
Primal Growth	2G	3	Sorcery	"Kicker?Sacrifice a creature. (You may sacrifice a creature in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. If this spell was kicked, instead search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Planeshift	87	common	rk post		
Hull Breach	RG	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Destroy target artifact and target enchantment."	R	R	Planeshift	111	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Careful Study	U	1	Sorcery	"Draw two cards, then discard two cards."	U	U	Odyssey	70	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Dematerialize	3U	4	Sorcery	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
Flashback {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Odyssey	81	common	Mike Ploog		
Touch of Invisibility	3U	4	Sorcery	"Target creature can't be blocked this turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	109	common	Eric Peterson		
Innocent Blood	B	1	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices a creature.	B	B	Odyssey	145	common	Carl Critchlow		
Last Rites	2B	3	Sorcery	"Discard any number of cards. Target player reveals their hand, then you choose a nonland card from it for each card discarded this way. That player discards those cards."	B	B	Odyssey	146	common	Bradley Williams		
Mind Burst	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target player discards X cards, where X is one plus the number of cards named Mind Burst in all graveyards."	B	B	Odyssey	148	common	Marc Fishman		
Morbid Hunger	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Morbid Hunger deals 3 damage to any target. You gain 3 life.
Flashback {7}{B}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Odyssey	150	common	Eric Peterson		
Morgue Theft	1B	2	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Flashback {4}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Odyssey	151	common	Justin Sweet		
Acceptable Losses	3R	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card at random.
Acceptable Losses deals 5 damage to target creature."	R	R	Odyssey	172	common	Mike Ploog		
Earth Rift	3R	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target land.
Flashback {5}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	189	common	Wayne England		
Scorching Missile	3R	4	Sorcery	"Scorching Missile deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Flashback {9}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	219	common	Don Hazeltine		
Tremble	1R	2	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices a land.	R	R	Odyssey	225	common	Ciruelo		
Chatter of the Squirrel	G	1	Sorcery	"Create a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token.
Flashback {1}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	233	common	Jim Nelson		
Rites of Spring	1G	2	Sorcery	"Discard any number of cards. Search your library for up to that many basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Odyssey	265	common	Bradley Williams		
Simplify	G	1	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices an enchantment.	G	G	Odyssey	269	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Churning Eddy	3U	4	Sorcery	Return target creature and target land to their owners' hands.	U	U	Torment	32	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Deep Analysis	3U	4	Sorcery	"Target player draws two cards.
Flashback?{1}{U}, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Torment	36	common	Daren Bader		
Chainer's Edict	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target player sacrifices a creature.
Flashback {5}{B}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Torment	57	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Crippling Fatigue	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
Flashback?{1}{B}, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Torment	58	common	Heather Hudson		
Rancid Earth	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target land.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead destroy that land and Rancid Earth deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Torment	78	common	Ciruelo		
Restless Dreams	B	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Torment	79	common	John Matson		
Unhinge	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card.
Draw a card."	B	B	Torment	87	common	Keith Garletts		
Flash of Defiance	1R	2	Sorcery	"Green creatures and white creatures can't block this turn.
Flashback?{1}{R}, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Torment	99	common	Carl Critchlow		
Kamahl's Sledge	5RR	7	Sorcery	"Kamahl's Sledge deals 4 damage to target creature.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead Kamahl's Sledge deals 4 damage to that creature and 4 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Torment	102	common	Don Hazeltine		
Acorn Harvest	3G	4	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens.
Flashback?{1}{G}, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Torment	118	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Far Wanderings	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead search your library for up to three basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Torment	125	common	Darrell Riche		
Invigorating Falls	2GG	4	Sorcery	You gain life equal to the number of creature cards in all graveyards.	G	G	Torment	128	common	Rebecca Guay		
Rats' Feast	XB	1	Sorcery	Exile X target cards from a single graveyard.	B	B	Judgment	71	common	Bob Petillo		
Book Burning	1R	2	Sorcery	"Any player may have Book Burning deal 6 damage to them. If no one does, target player puts the top six cards of their library into their graveyard."	R	R	Judgment	80	common	Dave Dorman		
Swirling Sandstorm	3R	4	Sorcery	Threshold ? Swirling Sandstorm deals 5 damage to each creature without flying if seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	R	R	Judgment	102	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Venomous Vines	2GG	4	Sorcery	Destroy target enchanted permanent.	G	G	Judgment	136	common	Ron Spencer		
Airborne Aid	3U	4	Sorcery	Draw a card for each Bird on the battlefield.	U	U	Onslaught	62	common	Bradley Williams		
Aphetto Dredging	3B	4	Sorcery	Return up to three target creature cards of the creature type of your choice from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Onslaught	125	common	Monte Michael Moore		
Dirge of Dread	2B	3	Sorcery	"All creatures gain fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Cycling {1}{B} ({1}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Dirge of Dread, you may have target creature gain fear until end of turn."	B	B	Onslaught	138	common	Heather Hudson		
Profane Prayers	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Profane Prayers deals X damage to any target and you gain X life, where X is the number of Clerics on the battlefield."	B	B	Onslaught	162	common	Alan Pollack		
Syphon Mind	3B	4	Sorcery	Each other player discards a card. You draw a card for each card discarded this way.	B	B	Onslaught	175	common	Jeff Easley		
Syphon Soul	2B	3	Sorcery	Syphon Soul deals 2 damage to each other player. You gain life equal to the damage dealt this way.	B	B	Onslaught	176	common	Ron Spears		
Erratic Explosion	2R	3	Sorcery	Choose any target. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card. Erratic Explosion deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to that permanent or player. Put the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in any order.	R	R	Onslaught	201	common	Gary Ruddell		
Wave of Indifference	XR	1	Sorcery	X target creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Onslaught	243	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Rush of Knowledge	4U	5	Sorcery	Draw cards equal to the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control.	U	U	Scourge	49	common	Eric Peterson		
Temporal Fissure	4U	5	Sorcery	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	U	U	Scourge	53	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Skulltap	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Draw two cards."	B	B	Scourge	73	common	Adam Rex		
Goblin War Strike	R	1	Sorcery	Goblin War Strike deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of Goblins you control.	R	R	Scourge	96	common	Pete Venters		
Misguided Rage	2R	3	Sorcery	Target player sacrifices a permanent.	R	R	Scourge	99	common	Michael Sutfin		
Torrent of Fire	3RR	5	Sorcery	Torrent of Fire deals damage to any target equal to the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control.	R	R	Scourge	107	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Break Asunder	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Scourge	113	common	Jim Nelson		
Claws of Wirewood	3G	4	Sorcery	"Claws of Wirewood deals 3 damage to each creature with flying and each player.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Scourge	114	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Blinding Light	2W	3	Sorcery	Tap all nonwhite creatures.	W	W	Mirage	5	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Ancestral Memories	2UUU	5	Sorcery	Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	U	U	Mirage	52	rare	William Donohoe		
Political Trickery	2U	3	Sorcery	Exchange control of target land you control and target land an opponent controls. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	U	U	Mirage	81	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Psychic Transfer	4U	5	Sorcery	"If the difference between your life total and target player's life total is 5 or less, exchange life totals with that player."	U	U	Mirage	85	rare	Dom!		
Ashen Powder	2BB	4	Sorcery	Put target creature card from an opponent's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	B	B	Mirage	104	rare	Geofrey Darrow		
Infernal Contract	BBB	3	Sorcery	"Draw four cards. You lose half your life, rounded up."	B	B	Mirage	129	rare	Roger Raupp		
Kaervek's Hex	3B	4	Sorcery	Kaervek's Hex deals 1 damage to each nonblack creature and an additional 1 damage to each green creature.	B	B	Mirage	130	uncommon	Ian Miller		
Painful Memories	1B	2	Sorcery	Look at target opponent's hand and choose a card from it. Put that card on top of that player's library.	B	B	Mirage	133	uncommon	John Coulthart		
Phyrexian Tribute	2B	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice two creatures.
Destroy target artifact."	B	B	Mirage	134	rare	John Matson		
Reign of Terror	3BB	5	Sorcery	Destroy all green creatures or all white creatures. They can't be regenerated. You lose 2 life for each creature that died this way.	B	B	Mirage	137	uncommon	Gary Leach		
Goblin Scouts	3RR	5	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 red Goblin Scout creature tokens with mountainwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Mirage	178	uncommon	Geofrey Darrow		
Illicit Auction	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Each player may bid life for control of target creature. You start the bidding with a bid of 0. In turn order, each player may top the high bid. The bidding ends if the high bid stands. The high bidder loses life equal to the high bid and gains control of the creature. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	R	R	Mirage	183	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Reign of Chaos	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target Plains and target white creature.
? Destroy target Island and target blue creature."	R	R	Mirage	190	uncommon	Kathryn Rathke		
Torrent of Lava	XRR	2	Sorcery	"Torrent of Lava deals X damage to each creature without flying.
As long as Torrent of Lava is on the stack, each creature has ""{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to this creature by Torrent of Lava this turn."""	R	R	Mirage	199	rare	Kathryn Rathke		
Fallow Earth	2G	3	Sorcery	Put target land on top of its owner's library.	G	G	Mirage	214	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Natural Balance	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Each player who controls six or more lands chooses five lands they control and sacrifices the rest. Each player who controls four or fewer lands may search their library for up to X basic land cards and put them onto the battlefield, where X is five minus the number of lands they control. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	G	G	Mirage	231	rare	John Malloy		
Seeds of Innocence	1GG	3	Sorcery	Destroy all artifacts. They can't be regenerated. The controller of each of those artifacts gains life equal to its converted mana cost.	G	G	Mirage	241	rare	Junior Tomlin		
Superior Numbers	GG	2	Sorcery	Superior Numbers deals damage to target creature equal to the number of creatures you control in excess of the number of creatures target opponent controls.	G	G	Mirage	244	uncommon	Geofrey Darrow		
Tropical Storm	XG	1	Sorcery	Tropical Storm deals X damage to each creature with flying and 1 additional damage to each blue creature.	G	G	Mirage	246	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Unyaro Bee Sting	3G	4	Sorcery	Unyaro Bee Sting deals 2 damage to any target.	G	G	Mirage	250	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Waiting in the Weeds	1GG	3	Sorcery	Each player creates a 1/1 green Cat creature token for each untapped Forest they control.	G	G	Mirage	252	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Energy Bolt	XRW	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Energy Bolt deals X damage to target player or planeswalker.
? Target player gains X life."	W	W	Mirage	263	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Kaervek's Purge	XBR	2	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature with converted mana cost X. If that creature dies this way, Kaervek's Purge deals damage equal to the creature's power to the creature's controller."	R	R	Mirage	270	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Phyrexian Purge	2BR	4	Sorcery	"This spell costs 3 life more to cast for each target.
Destroy any number of target creatures."	R	R	Mirage	273	rare	Robert Bliss		
Sealed Fate	XUB	2	Sorcery	Look at the top X cards of target opponent's library. Exile one of those cards and put the rest back on top of that player's library in any order.	U	U	Mirage	282	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Peace Talks	1W	2	Sorcery	"This turn and next turn, creatures can't attack, and players and permanents can't be the targets of spells or activated abilities."	W	W	Visions	15	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Retribution of the Meek	2W	3	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with power 4 or greater. They can't be regenerated.	W	W	Visions	19	rare	Nathalie Hertz		
Prosperity	XU	1	Sorcery	Each player draws X cards.	U	U	Visions	40	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Forbidden Ritual	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Sacrifice a nontoken permanent. If you do, target opponent loses 2 life unless that player sacrifices a permanent or discards a card. You may repeat this process any number of times."	B	B	Visions	60	rare	Christopher Rush		
Gerrard's Wisdom	2WW	4	Sorcery	You gain 2 life for each card in your hand.	W	W	Weatherlight	15	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Tariff	1W	2	Sorcery	"Each player sacrifices the creature they control with the highest converted mana cost unless they pay that creature's mana cost. If two or more creatures a player controls are tied for highest cost, that player chooses one."	W	W	Weatherlight	28	rare	Kev Walker		
Argivian Restoration	2UU	4	Sorcery	Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	U	U	Weatherlight	34	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Paradigm Shift	1U	2	Sorcery	Exile all cards from your library. Then shuffle your graveyard into your library.	U	U	Weatherlight	46	rare	Cliff Nielsen		
Relearn	1UU	3	Sorcery	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	U	U	Weatherlight	51	uncommon	Zina Saunders		
Buried Alive	2B	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to three creature cards, put them into your graveyard, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Weatherlight	63	uncommon	Brian Horton		
Doomsday	BBB	3	Sorcery	"Search your library and graveyard for five cards and exile the rest. Put the chosen cards on top of your library in any order. You lose half your life, rounded up."	B	B	Weatherlight	66	rare	Adrian Smith		
Nature's Resurgence	2GG	4	Sorcery	Each player draws a card for each creature card in their graveyard.	G	G	Weatherlight	137	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Repentance	2W	3	Sorcery	Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	W	W	Tempest	37	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Winds of Rath	3WW	5	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures that aren't enchanted. They can't be regenerated.	W	W	Tempest	52	rare	Drew Tucker		
Legerdemain	2UU	4	Sorcery	Exchange control of target artifact or creature and another target permanent that shares one of those types with it. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	U	U	Tempest	72	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Mana Severance	1U	2	Sorcery	Search your library for any number of land cards and exile them. Then shuffle your library.	U	U	Tempest	73	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Abandon Hope	X1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Look at target opponent's hand and choose X cards from it. That player discards those cards."	B	B	Tempest	107	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Dregs of Sorrow	X4B	5	Sorcery	Destroy X target nonblack creatures. Draw X cards.	B	B	Tempest	131	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Extinction	4B	5	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures of the creature type of your choice.	B	B	Tempest	135	rare	Una Fricker		
Living Death	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Each player exiles all creature cards from their graveyard, then sacrifices all creatures they control, then puts all cards they exiled this way onto the battlefield."	B	B	Tempest	142	rare	Charles Gillespie		
Perish	2B	3	Sorcery	Destroy all green creatures. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Tempest	147	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Reanimate	B	1	Sorcery	Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. You lose life equal to its converted mana cost.	B	B	Tempest	151	uncommon	Robert Bliss		
Apocalypse	2RRR	5	Sorcery	Exile all permanents. You discard your hand.	R	R	Tempest	162	rare	Allen Williams		
Deadshot	3R	4	Sorcery	Tap target creature. It deals damage equal to its power to another target creature.	R	R	Tempest	170	rare	Heather Hudson		
Scorched Earth	XR	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X land cards.
Destroy X target lands."	R	R	Tempest	200	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Shadowstorm	R	1	Sorcery	Shadowstorm deals 2 damage to each creature with shadow.	R	R	Tempest	202	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Winter's Grasp	1GG	3	Sorcery	Destroy target land.	G	G	Tempest	265	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Lobotomy	2UB	4	Sorcery	"Target player reveals their hand, then you choose a card other than a basic land card from it. Search that player's graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as the chosen card and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Tempest	267	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Ransack	3U	4	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of target player's library. Put any number of them on the bottom of that library in any order and the rest on top of the library in any order.	U	U	Stronghold	39	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Mind Peel	B	1	Sorcery	"Buyback {2}{B}{B} (You may pay an additional {2}{B}{B} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target player discards a card."	B	B	Stronghold	63	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Fanning the Flames	XRR	2	Sorcery	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Fanning the Flames deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Stronghold	80	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Mogg Infestation	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures target player controls. For each creature that died this way, that player creates two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Stronghold	93	rare	Pete Venters		
Ruination	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy all nonbasic lands.	R	R	Stronghold	95	rare	Dermot Power		
Verdant Touch	1G	2	Sorcery	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target land becomes a 2/2 creature that's still a land. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	G	G	Stronghold	123	rare	M. W. Kaluta & DiTerlizzi		
Cataclysm	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Each player chooses from among the permanents they control an artifact, a creature, an enchantment, and a land, then sacrifices the rest."	W	W	Exodus	3	rare	Jim Nelson		
Pegasus Stampede	1W	2	Sorcery	"Buyback?Sacrifice a land. (You may sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Create a 1/1 white Pegasus creature token with flying."	W	W	Exodus	14	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Fugue	3BB	5	Sorcery	Target player discards three cards.	B	B	Exodus	62	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Flowstone Flood	3R	4	Sorcery	"Buyback?Pay 3 life, Discard a card at random. (You may pay 3 life and discard a card at random in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Destroy target land."	R	R	Exodus	83	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Catastrophe	4WW	6	Sorcery	Destroy all lands or all creatures. Creatures destroyed this way can't be regenerated.	W	W	Urza's Saga	6	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Planar Birth	1W	2	Sorcery	Return all basic land cards from all graveyards to the battlefield tapped under their owners' control.	W	W	Urza's Saga	31	rare	Adam Rex		
Show and Tell	2U	3	Sorcery	"Each player may put an artifact, creature, enchantment, or land card from their hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Urza's Saga	96	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Time Spiral	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Exile Time Spiral. Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. You untap up to six lands."	U	U	Urza's Saga	103	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Ill-Gotten Gains	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Exile Ill-Gotten Gains. Each player discards their hand, then returns up to three cards from their graveyard to their hand."	B	B	Urza's Saga	138	rare	Greg Staples		
Reprocess	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Sacrifice any number of artifacts, creatures, and/or lands. Draw a card for each permanent sacrificed this way."	B	B	Urza's Saga	154	rare	Mark Tedin		
Victimize	2B	3	Sorcery	"Choose two target creature cards in your graveyard. Sacrifice a creature. If you do, return the chosen cards to the battlefield tapped."	B	B	Urza's Saga	166	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Acidic Soil	2R	3	Sorcery	Acidic Soil deals damage to each player equal to the number of lands they control.	R	R	Urza's Saga	172	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Disorder	1R	2	Sorcery	Disorder deals 2 damage to each white creature and each player who controls a white creature.	R	R	Urza's Saga	181	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Gamble	R	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Urza's Saga	188	rare	Andrew Goldhawk		
Goblin Offensive	X1RR	3	Sorcery	Create X 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.	R	R	Urza's Saga	192	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Jagged Lightning	3RR	5	Sorcery	Jagged Lightning deals 3 damage to each of two target creatures.	R	R	Urza's Saga	200	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Meltdown	XR	1	Sorcery	Destroy each artifact with converted mana cost X or less.	R	R	Urza's Saga	203	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Rain of Salt	4RR	6	Sorcery	Destroy two target lands.	R	R	Urza's Saga	206	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Steam Blast	2R	3	Sorcery	Steam Blast deals 2 damage to each creature and each player.	R	R	Urza's Saga	219	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Titania's Boon	3G	4	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	G	G	Urza's Saga	276	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Whirlwind	2GG	4	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with flying.	G	G	Urza's Saga	283	rare	John Matson		
Purify	3WW	5	Sorcery	Destroy all artifacts and enchantments.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	19	rare	John Avon		
Flicker	1W	2	Sorcery	"Exile target nontoken permanent, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	9	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Replenish	3W	4	Sorcery	Return all enchantment cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Auras with nothing to enchant remain in your graveyard.)	W	W	Urza's Destiny	15	rare	Jim Nelson		
Donate	2U	3	Sorcery	Target player gains control of target permanent you control.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	31	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Encroach	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonbasic land card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Urza's Destiny	59	uncommon	rk post		
Landslide	R	1	Sorcery	Sacrifice any number of Mountains. Landslide deals that much damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Urza's Destiny	92	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Wake of Destruction	3RRR	6	Sorcery	Destroy target land and all other lands with the same name as that land.	R	R	Urza's Destiny	99	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Wave of Reckoning	4W	5	Sorcery	Each creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	56	rare	Bradley Williams		
Cateran Summons	B	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a Mercenary card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	126	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Extortion	3BB	5	Sorcery	Look at target player's hand and choose up to two cards from it. That player discards those cards.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	135	rare	Pete Venters		
Forced March	XBBB	3	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with converted mana cost X or less.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	136	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Unmask	3B	4	Sorcery	"You may exile a black card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	168	rare	rk post		
Cave-In	3RR	5	Sorcery	"You may exile a red card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Cave-In deals 2 damage to each creature and each player."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	180	rare	Mark Tedin		
Pulverize	4RR	6	Sorcery	"You may sacrifice two Mountains rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy all artifacts."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	207	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Tectonic Break	XRR	2	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices X lands.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	216	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Volcanic Wind	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Volcanic Wind deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures, where X is the number of creatures on the battlefield as you cast this spell."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	223	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Bifurcate	3G	4	Sorcery	Search your library for a permanent card with the same name as target nontoken creature and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	230	rare	John Matson		
Clear the Land	2G	3	Sorcery	"Each player reveals the top five cards of their library, puts all land cards revealed this way onto the battlefield tapped, and exiles the rest."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	235	rare	Bradley Williams		
Desert Twister	4GG	6	Sorcery	Destroy target permanent.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	243	uncommon	Kevin Murphy		
Spontaneous Generation	3G	4	Sorcery	Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each card in your hand.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	274	rare	Alan Pollack		
Massacre	2BB	4	Sorcery	"If an opponent controls a Plains and you control a Swamp, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Nemesis	58	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Mogg Alarm	1RR	3	Sorcery	"You may sacrifice two Mountains rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Nemesis	93	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Rupture	2R	3	Sorcery	Sacrifice a creature. Rupture deals damage equal to that creature's power to each creature without flying and each player.	R	R	Nemesis	97	uncommon	Gao Yan		
Stronghold Gambit	1R	2	Sorcery	Each player chooses a card in their hand. Then each player reveals their chosen card. The owner of each creature card revealed this way with the lowest converted mana cost puts it onto the battlefield.	R	R	Nemesis	100	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Pack Hunt	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to three cards with the same name as target creature, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Nemesis	109	rare	Sam Wood		
Blessed Wind	7WW	9	Sorcery	Target player's life total becomes 20.	W	W	Prophecy	4	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Denying Wind	7UU	9	Sorcery	Search target player's library for up to seven cards and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library.	U	U	Prophecy	32	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Mana Vapors	1U	2	Sorcery	Lands target player controls don't untap during their next untap step.	U	U	Prophecy	38	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Psychic Theft	1U	2	Sorcery	"Target player reveals their hand. You choose an instant or sorcery card from it and exile that card. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled. At the beginning of the next end step, if you haven't cast the card, return it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Prophecy	40	rare	Don Hazeltine		
Rhystic Scrying	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Draw three cards. Then if any player pays {2}, discard three cards."	U	U	Prophecy	44	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Outbreak	3B	4	Sorcery	"You may discard a Swamp card rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Choose a creature type. All creatures of that type get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Prophecy	71	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Rhystic Syphon	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Unless target player pays {3}, that player loses 5 life and you gain 5 life."	B	B	Prophecy	76	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Rhystic Tutor	2B	3	Sorcery	"Unless any player pays {2}, search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Prophecy	77	rare	Dan Frazier		
Flameshot	3R	4	Sorcery	"You may discard a Mountain card rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Flameshot deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target creatures."	R	R	Prophecy	90	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Search for Survivors	2R	3	Sorcery	"Reorder your graveyard at random. An opponent chooses a card at random in your graveyard. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, exile it."	R	R	Prophecy	102	rare	Mark Romanoski		
Elephant Resurgence	1G	2	Sorcery	"Each player creates a green Elephant creature token. Those creatures have ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in its controller's graveyard."""	G	G	Prophecy	113	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Wing Storm	2G	3	Sorcery	Wing Storm deals damage to each player equal to twice the number of creatures with flying that player controls.	G	G	Prophecy	135	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Death or Glory	4W	5	Sorcery	Separate all creature cards in your graveyard into two piles. Exile the pile of an opponent's choice and return the other to the battlefield.	W	W	Invasion	13	rare	Jeff Easley		
Global Ruin	4W	5	Sorcery	"Each player chooses from the lands they control a land of each basic land type, then sacrifices the rest."	W	W	Invasion	18	rare	Greg Staples		
Rout	3WW	5	Sorcery	"You may cast Rout as though it had flash if you pay {2} more to cast it. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated."	W	W	Invasion	34	rare	Ron Spencer		
Breaking Wave	2UU	4	Sorcery	"You may cast Breaking Wave as though it had flash if you pay {2} more to cast it. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Simultaneously untap all tapped creatures and tap all untapped creatures."	U	U	Invasion	48	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Distorting Wake	XUUU	3	Sorcery	Return X target nonland permanents to their owners' hands.	U	U	Invasion	52	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Manipulate Fate	1U	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for three cards, exile them, then shuffle your library.
Draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	60	uncommon	John Matson		
Wash Out	3U	4	Sorcery	Return all permanents of the color of your choice to their owners' hands.	U	U	Invasion	87	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Desperate Research	1B	2	Sorcery	Choose a card name other than a basic land card name. Reveal the top seven cards of your library and put all of them with that name into your hand. Exile the rest.	B	B	Invasion	100	rare	Ron Spencer		
Do or Die	1B	2	Sorcery	Separate all creatures target player controls into two piles. Destroy all creatures in the pile of that player's choice. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Invasion	102	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Twilight's Call	4BB	6	Sorcery	"You may cast Twilight's Call as though it had flash if you pay {2} more to cast it. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Each player returns all creature cards from their graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Invasion	130	rare	Mark Romanoski		
Bend or Break	3R	4	Sorcery	"Each player separates all nontoken lands they control into two piles. For each player, one of their piles is chosen by one of their opponents of their choice. Destroy all lands in the chosen piles. Tap all lands in the other piles."	R	R	Invasion	137	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Breath of Darigaaz	1R	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Breath of Darigaaz deals 1 damage to each creature without flying and each player. If this spell was kicked, it deals 4 damage to each creature without flying and each player instead."	R	R	Invasion	138	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Ghitu Fire	XR	1	Sorcery	"You may cast Ghitu Fire as though it had flash if you pay {2} more to cast it. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Ghitu Fire deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Invasion	144	rare	Glen Angus		
Searing Rays	2R	3	Sorcery	Choose a color. Searing Rays deals damage to each player equal to the number of creatures of that color that player controls.	R	R	Invasion	165	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Canopy Surge	1G	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Canopy Surge deals 1 damage to each creature with flying and each player. If this spell was kicked, it deals 4 damage to each creature with flying and each player instead."	G	G	Invasion	184	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Saproling Symbiosis	3G	4	Sorcery	"You may cast Saproling Symbiosis as though it had flash if you pay {2} more to cast it. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each creature you control."	G	G	Invasion	209	rare	Ciruelo		
Scouting Trek	1G	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for any number of basic land cards. Reveal those cards, then shuffle your library and put them on top of it."	G	G	Invasion	210	uncommon	Stephanie Law		
Wallop	1G	2	Sorcery	Destroy target blue or black creature with flying.	G	G	Invasion	223	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Barrin's Spite	2UB	4	Sorcery	Choose two target creatures controlled by the same player. Their controller chooses and sacrifices one of them. Return the other to its owner's hand.	U	U	Invasion	235	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Ordered Migration	3WU	5	Sorcery	Domain ? Create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying for each basic land type among lands you control.	W	W	Invasion	258	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
March of Souls	4W	5	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated. For each creature destroyed this way, its controller creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Planeshift	10	rare	Marc Fishman		
Allied Strategies	4U	5	Sorcery	Domain ? Target player draws a card for each basic land type among lands they control.	U	U	Planeshift	20	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Planar Overlay	2U	3	Sorcery	Each player chooses a land they control of each basic land type. Return those lands to their owners' hands.	U	U	Planeshift	28	rare	Ron Walotsky		
Diabolic Intent	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Planeshift	42	rare	Dave Dorman		
Exotic Disease	4B	5	Sorcery	"Domain ? Target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control."	B	B	Planeshift	43	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Noxious Vapors	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Each player reveals their hand, chooses one card of each color from it, then discards all other nonland cards."	B	B	Planeshift	49	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Goblin Game	5RR	7	Sorcery	"Each player hides at least one item, then all players reveal them simultaneously. Each player loses life equal to the number of items they revealed. The player who revealed the fewest items then loses half their life, rounded up. If two or more players are tied for fewest, each loses half their life, rounded up."	R	R	Planeshift	61	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Implode	4R	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target land.
Draw a card."	R	R	Planeshift	62	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Strafe	R	1	Sorcery	Strafe deals 3 damage to target nonred creature.	R	R	Planeshift	73	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Urza's Guilt	2UB	4	Sorcery	"Each player draws two cards, then discards three cards, then loses 4 life."	U	U	Planeshift	130	rare	Paolo Parente		
Ancestral Tribute	5WW	7	Sorcery	"You gain 2 life for each card in your graveyard.
Flashback {9}{W}{W}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Odyssey	2	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Balancing Act	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Each player chooses a number of permanents they control equal to the number of permanents controlled by the player who controls the fewest, then sacrifices the rest. Each player discards cards the same way."	W	W	Odyssey	10	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Kirtar's Wrath	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead destroy all creatures, then create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. Creatures destroyed this way can't be regenerated."	W	W	Odyssey	28	rare	Kev Walker		
Bamboozle	2U	3	Sorcery	Target player reveals the top four cards of their library. You choose two of those cards and put them into that player's graveyard. Put the rest on top of their library in any order.	U	U	Odyssey	68	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Cultural Exchange	4UU	6	Sorcery	Choose any number of creatures target player controls. Choose the same number of creatures another target player controls. Those players exchange control of those creatures. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	U	U	Odyssey	79	rare	Daren Bader		
Extract	U	1	Sorcery	Search target player's library for a card and exile it. Then that player shuffles their library.	U	U	Odyssey	85	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Laquatus's Creativity	4U	5	Sorcery	"Target player draws cards equal to the number of cards in their hand, then discards that many cards."	U	U	Odyssey	88	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Decompose	1B	2	Sorcery	Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard.	B	B	Odyssey	128	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Hint of Insanity	2B	3	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. That player discards all nonland cards with the same name as another card in their hand.	B	B	Odyssey	143	rare	Luca Zontini		
Skull Fracture	B	1	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card.
Flashback {3}{B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Odyssey	162	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Tombfire	B	1	Sorcery	Target player exiles all cards with flashback from their graveyard.	B	B	Odyssey	165	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Epicenter	4R	5	Sorcery	"Target player sacrifices a land.
Threshold ? Each player sacrifices all lands they control instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	R	R	Odyssey	192	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Lava Blister	1R	2	Sorcery	Destroy target nonbasic land unless its controller has Lava Blister deal 6 damage to them.	R	R	Odyssey	200	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Liquid Fire	4RR	6	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, choose a number between 0 and 5.
Liquid Fire deals X damage to target creature and 5 minus X damage to that creature's controller, where X is the chosen number."	R	R	Odyssey	201	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Recoup	1R	2	Sorcery	"Target sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (Mana cost includes color.)
Flashback {3}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	216	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Seize the Day	3R	4	Sorcery	"Untap target creature. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.
Flashback {2}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	220	rare	Greg Staples		
Shower of Coals	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Shower of Coals deals 2 damage to each of up to three targets.
Threshold ? Shower of Coals deals 4 damage to each of those permanents and/or players instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	R	R	Odyssey	221	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Volcanic Spray	1R	2	Sorcery	"Volcanic Spray deals 1 damage to each creature without flying and each player.
Flashback {1}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	226	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Volley of Boulders	8R	9	Sorcery	"Volley of Boulders deals 6 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.
Flashback {R}{R}{R}{R}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	227	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Deep Reconnaissance	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.
Flashback {4}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	236	uncommon	Jeff Remmer		
New Frontiers	XG	1	Sorcery	Each player may search their library for up to X basic land cards and put them onto the battlefield tapped. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it.	G	G	Odyssey	257	rare	Ron Spencer		
Piper's Melody	G	1	Sorcery	Shuffle any number of target creature cards from your graveyard into your library.	G	G	Odyssey	261	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Roar of the Wurm	6G	7	Sorcery	"Create a 6/6 green Wurm creature token.
Flashback {3}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	266	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Decimate	2RG	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact, target creature, target enchantment, and target land."	R	R	Odyssey	287	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Cleansing Meditation	1WW	3	Sorcery	"Destroy all enchantments.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead destroy all enchantments, then return all cards in your graveyard destroyed this way to the battlefield."	W	W	Torment	3	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Morningtide	1W	2	Sorcery	Exile all cards from all graveyards.	W	W	Torment	10	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Breakthrough	XU	1	Sorcery	"Draw four cards, then choose X cards in your hand and discard the rest."	U	U	Torment	26	uncommon	Gary Ruddell		
Retraced Image	U	1	Sorcery	"Reveal a card in your hand, then put that card onto the battlefield if it has the same name as a permanent."	U	U	Torment	46	rare	Greg Staples		
Turbulent Dreams	UU	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Return X target nonland permanents to their owners' hands."	U	U	Torment	49	rare	Wayne England		
Sickening Dreams	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Sickening Dreams deals X damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Torment	83	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Devastating Dreams	RR	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards at random.
Each player sacrifices X lands. Devastating Dreams deals X damage to each creature."	R	R	Torment	95	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Overmaster	R	1	Sorcery	"The next instant or sorcery spell you cast this turn can't be countered.
Draw a card."	R	R	Torment	104	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Skullscorch	RR	2	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards at random unless that player has Skullscorch deal 4 damage to them.	R	R	Torment	114	rare	Bradley Williams		
Dwell on the Past	G	1	Sorcery	Target player shuffles up to four target cards from their graveyard into their library.	G	G	Torment	124	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Insist	G	1	Sorcery	"The next creature spell you cast this turn can't be countered.
Draw a card."	G	G	Torment	127	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Nostalgic Dreams	GG	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Return X target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Nostalgic Dreams."	G	G	Torment	135	rare	Darrell Riche		
Parallel Evolution	3GG	5	Sorcery	"For each creature token on the battlefield, its controller creates a token that's a copy of that creature.
Flashback {4}{G}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Torment	136	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Golden Wish	3WW	5	Sorcery	"You may choose an artifact or enchantment card you own from outside the game, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Exile Golden Wish."	W	W	Judgment	12	rare	Alan Pollack		
Quiet Speculation	1U	2	Sorcery	Search target player's library for up to three cards with flashback and put them into that player's graveyard. Then the player shuffles their library.	U	U	Judgment	49	uncommon	John Avon		
Cabal Therapy	B	1	Sorcery	"Choose a nonland card name. Target player reveals their hand and discards all cards with that name.
Flashback?Sacrifice a creature. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Judgment	62	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Death Wish	1BB	3	Sorcery	"You may choose a card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand. You lose half your life, rounded up. Exile Death Wish."	B	B	Judgment	64	rare	Jeff Easley		
Morality Shift	5BB	7	Sorcery	Exchange your graveyard and library. Then shuffle your library.	B	B	Judgment	70	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Stitch Together	BB	2	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Threshold ? Return that card from your graveyard to the battlefield instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Judgment	72	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Breaking Point	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Any player may have Breaking Point deal 6 damage to them. If no one does, destroy all creatures. Creatures destroyed this way can't be regenerated."	R	R	Judgment	81	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Burning Wish	1R	2	Sorcery	"You may choose a sorcery card you own from outside the game, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Exile Burning Wish."	R	R	Judgment	83	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Firecat Blitz	XRR	2	Sorcery	"Create X 1/1 red Elemental Cat creature tokens with haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step.
Flashback?{R}{R}, Sacrifice X Mountains. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Judgment	88	uncommon	David Martin		
Lightning Surge	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Lightning Surge deals 4 damage to any target.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead Lightning Surge deals 6 damage to that permanent or player and the damage can't be prevented.
Flashback {5}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Judgment	96	rare	Ron Spears		
Swelter	3R	4	Sorcery	Swelter deals 2 damage to each of two target creatures.	R	R	Judgment	101	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Crush of Wurms	6GGG	9	Sorcery	"Create three 6/6 green Wurm creature tokens.
Flashback {9}{G}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Judgment	110	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Grizzly Fate	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Create two 2/2 green Bear creature tokens.
Threshold ? Create four 2/2 green Bear creature tokens instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard.
Flashback {5}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Judgment	119	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Living Wish	1G	2	Sorcery	"You may choose a creature or land card you own from outside the game, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Exile Living Wish."	G	G	Judgment	124	rare	Eric Peterson		
Akroma's Vengeance	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and enchantments.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Onslaught	2	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Harsh Mercy	2W	3	Sorcery	Each player chooses a creature type. Destroy all creatures that aren't of a type chosen this way. They can't be regenerated.	W	W	Onslaught	39	rare	John Matson		
Blatant Thievery	4UUU	7	Sorcery	"For each opponent, gain control of target permanent that player controls."	U	U	Onslaught	71	rare	Ron Spencer		
Essence Fracture	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Return two target creatures to their owners' hands.
Cycling {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Onslaught	82	uncommon	Wayne England		
Peer Pressure	3U	4	Sorcery	"Choose a creature type. If you control more creatures of that type than each other player, you gain control of all creatures of that type. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Onslaught	101	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Chain of Smog	1B	2	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards. That player may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy.	B	B	Onslaught	132	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Endemic Plague	3B	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Destroy all creatures that share a creature type with the sacrificed creature. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Onslaught	142	rare	Nelson DeCastro		
Patriarch's Bidding	3BB	5	Sorcery	Each player chooses a creature type. Each player returns all creature cards of a type chosen this way from their graveyard to the battlefield.	B	B	Onslaught	161	rare	Ben Thompson		
Strongarm Tactics	1B	2	Sorcery	Each player discards a card. Then each player who didn't discard a creature card this way loses 4 life.	B	B	Onslaught	173	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Insurrection	5RRR	8	Sorcery	Untap all creatures and gain control of them until end of turn. They gain haste until end of turn.	R	R	Onslaught	213	rare	Mark Zug		
Kaboom!	4R	5	Sorcery	"Choose any number of target players or planeswalkers. For each of them, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card, Kaboom! deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to that player or planeswalker, then you put the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in any order."	R	R	Onslaught	214	rare	Glen Angus		
Searing Flesh	6R	7	Sorcery	Searing Flesh deals 7 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.	R	R	Onslaught	225	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Slice and Dice	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Slice and Dice deals 4 damage to each creature.
Cycling {2}{R} ({2}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Slice and Dice, you may have it deal 1 damage to each creature."	R	R	Onslaught	232	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Thunder of Hooves	3R	4	Sorcery	"Thunder of Hooves deals X damage to each creature without flying and each player, where X is the number of Beasts on the battlefield."	R	R	Onslaught	242	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Animal Magnetism	4G	5	Sorcery	Reveal the top five cards of your library. An opponent chooses a creature card from among them. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Onslaught	245	rare	Ron Spears		
Chain of Acid	3G	4	Sorcery	Destroy target noncreature permanent. Then that permanent's controller may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy.	G	G	Onslaught	252	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Kamahl's Summons	3G	4	Sorcery	Each player may reveal any number of creature cards from their hand. Then each player creates a 2/2 green Bear creature token for each card they revealed this way.	G	G	Onslaught	269	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Decree of Justice	XX2WW	4	Sorcery	"Create X 4/4 white Angel creature tokens with flying.
Cycling {2}{W} ({2}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Decree of Justice, you may pay {X}. If you do, create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Scourge	8	rare	Adam Rex		
Dimensional Breach	5WW	7	Sorcery	"Exile all permanents. For as long as any of those cards remain exiled, at the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player returns one of the exiled cards they own to the battlefield."	W	W	Scourge	9	rare	Dave Dorman		
Cabal Conditioning	6B	7	Sorcery	Any number of target players each discard a number of cards equal to the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control.	B	B	Scourge	56	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Decree of Pain	6BB	8	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated. Draw a card for each creature destroyed this way.
Cycling {3}{B}{B} ({3}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Decree of Pain, all creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Scourge	64	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Tendrils of Agony	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	B	B	Scourge	75	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Decree of Annihilation	8RR	10	Sorcery	"Exile all artifacts, creatures, and lands from the battlefield, all cards from all graveyards, and all cards from all hands.
Cycling {5}{R}{R} ({5}{R}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Decree of Annihilation, destroy all lands."	R	R	Scourge	85	rare	John Avon		
Mtenda Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
{W}, {T}: Return Mtenda Griffin to its owner's hand and return target Griffin card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	W	W	Mirage	28	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Unyaro Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Sacrifice Unyaro Griffin: Counter target red instant or sorcery spell."	W	W	Mirage	44	uncommon	Al Davidson		
Floodgate	3U	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Floodgate has flying, sacrifice it.
When Floodgate leaves the battlefield, it deals damage equal to half the number of Islands you control, rounded down, to each nonblue creature without flying."	U	U	Mirage	67	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Harmattan Efreet	2UU	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
{1}{U}{U}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Mirage	69	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Vaporous Djinn	2UU	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, Vaporous Djinn phases out unless you pay {U}{U}. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	101	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Wave Elemental	2UU	4	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Wave Elemental: Tap up to three target creatures without flying."	U	U	Mirage	102	uncommon	Zak Plucinski		
Crypt Cobra	3B	4	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Crypt Cobra attacks and isn't blocked, defending player gets a poison counter. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	B	B	Mirage	114	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Dread Specter	3B	4	Creature ? Specter	"Whenever Dread Specter blocks or becomes blocked by a nonblack creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	B	B	Mirage	119	uncommon	Kathryn Rathke		
Zombie Mob	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Zombie Mob enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card in your graveyard.
When Zombie Mob enters the battlefield, exile all creature cards from your graveyard."	B	B	Mirage	153	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Burning Palm Efreet	2RR	4	Creature ? Efreet	{1}{R}{R}: Burning Palm Efreet deals 2 damage to target creature with flying and that creature loses flying until end of turn.	R	R	Mirage	161	uncommon	Dermot Power		
Flame Elemental	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental	"{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Flame Elemental: It deals damage equal to its power to target creature."	R	R	Mirage	175	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Locust Swarm	3G	4	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{G}: Regenerate Locust Swarm.
{G}: Untap Locust Swarm. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Mirage	226	uncommon	William Donohoe		
Nettletooth Djinn	3G	4	Creature ? Djinn	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Nettletooth Djinn deals 1 damage to you."	G	G	Mirage	232	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Harbor Guardian	2WU	4	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Harbor Guardian attacks, defending player may draw a card."	W	W	Mirage	266	uncommon	Stuart Beel		
Hazerider Drake	2WU	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying, protection from red"	W	W	Mirage	268	uncommon	Zina Saunders		
Zebra Unicorn	2GW	4	Creature ? Unicorn	"Whenever Zebra Unicorn deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Mirage	290	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Crystal Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"At the beginning of your end step, Crystal Golem phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"			Mirage	298	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Elixir of Vitality	4	4	Artifact	"Elixir of Vitality enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Elixir of Vitality: You gain 4 life.
{8}, {T}, Sacrifice Elixir of Vitality: You gain 8 life."			Mirage	300	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Daraja Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Sacrifice Daraja Griffin: Destroy target black creature."	W	W	Visions	2	uncommon	Stuart Griffin		
Waterspout Djinn	2UU	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Waterspout Djinn unless you return an untapped Island you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Visions	50	uncommon	Thomas Gianni		
Spitting Drake	3R	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{R}: Spitting Drake gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	R	R	Visions	95	uncommon	Geofrey Darrow & I. Rabarot		
Kyscu Drake	3G	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{G}: Kyscu Drake gets +0/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.
Sacrifice Kyscu Drake and a creature named Spitting Drake: Search your library for a card named Viashivan Dragon and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Visions	111	uncommon	Geofrey Darrow & I. Rabarot		
Brass-Talon Chimera	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Chimera	"First strike
Sacrifice Brass-Talon Chimera: Put a +2/+2 counter on target Chimera creature. It gains first strike. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Visions	142	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Iron-Heart Chimera	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Chimera	"Vigilance
Sacrifice Iron-Heart Chimera: Put a +2/+2 counter on target Chimera creature. It gains vigilance. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Visions	146	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Lead-Belly Chimera	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Chimera	"Trample
Sacrifice Lead-Belly Chimera: Put a +2/+2 counter on target Chimera creature. It gains trample. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Visions	148	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Tin-Wing Chimera	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Chimera	"Flying
Sacrifice Tin-Wing Chimera: Put a +2/+2 counter on target Chimera creature. It gains flying. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Visions	157	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Foriysian Brigade	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	Foriysian Brigade can block an additional creature each combat.	W	W	Weatherlight	14	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Abduction	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Abduction enters the battlefield, untap enchanted creature.
You control enchanted creature.
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	U	U	Weatherlight	30	uncommon	Colin MacNeil		
Odylic Wraith	3B	4	Creature ? Wraith	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Whenever Odylic Wraith deals damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Weatherlight	77	uncommon	Ian Miller		
Cinder Giant	3R	4	Creature ? Giant	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Cinder Giant deals 2 damage to each other creature you control."	R	R	Weatherlight	93	uncommon	Rogrio Vilela		
Goblin Grenadiers	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Goblin Grenadiers attacks and isn't blocked, you may sacrifice it. If you do, destroy target creature and target land."	R	R	Weatherlight	104	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Barishi	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"When Barishi dies, exile Barishi, then shuffle all creature cards from your graveyard into your library."	G	G	Weatherlight	119	uncommon	Ted Naifeh		
Dingus Staff	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever a creature dies, Dingus Staff deals 2 damage to that creature's controller."			Weatherlight	149	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Angelic Protector	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Angelic Protector becomes the target of a spell or ability, Angelic Protector gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Tempest	2	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Dauthi Mindripper	3B	4	Creature ? Dauthi Minion	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Dauthi Mindripper attacks and isn't blocked, you may sacrifice it. If you do, defending player discards three cards."	B	B	Tempest	125	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Screeching Harpy	2BB	4	Creature ? Harpy Beast	"Flying
{1}{B}: Regenerate Screeching Harpy."	B	B	Tempest	155	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Souldrinker	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	Pay 3 life: Put a +1/+1 counter on Souldrinker.	B	B	Tempest	158	uncommon	Dermot Power		
Firefly	3R	4	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{R}: Firefly gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Tempest	172	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Wild Wurm	3R	4	Creature ? Wurm	"When Wild Wurm enters the battlefield, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, return Wild Wurm to its owner's hand."	R	R	Tempest	212	uncommon	Randy Elliott		
Apes of Rath	2GG	4	Creature ? Ape	"Whenever Apes of Rath attacks, it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Tempest	214	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Flailing Drake	3G	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Whenever Flailing Drake blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Tempest	227	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Heartwood Treefolk	2GG	4	Creature ? Treefolk	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Tempest	233	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Trumpeting Armodon	3G	4	Creature ? Elephant	{1}{G}: Target creature blocks Trumpeting Armodon this turn if able.	G	G	Tempest	262	uncommon	Gary Leach		
Walking Dream	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Walking Dream can't be blocked.
Walking Dream doesn't untap during your untap step if an opponent controls two or more creatures."	U	U	Stronghold	49	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Stronghold Taskmaster	2BB	4	Creature ? Giant Minion	Other black creatures get -1/-1.	B	B	Stronghold	72	uncommon	Brom		
Spike Soldier	2GG	4	Creature ? Spike Soldier	"Spike Soldier enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Soldier: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Soldier: Spike Soldier gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Stronghold	119	uncommon	Randy Elliott		
Bullwhip	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Bullwhip deals 1 damage to target creature. That creature attacks this turn if able."			Stronghold	132	uncommon	Brom		
Hornet Cannon	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Insect artifact creature token with flying and haste named Hornet. Destroy it at the beginning of the next end step."			Stronghold	136	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Zealots en-Dal	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if all nonland permanents you control are white, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Exodus	26	uncommon	Brom		
Mirozel	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Mirozel becomes the target of a spell or ability, return Mirozel to its owner's hand."	U	U	Exodus	41	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Mind Maggots	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	"When Mind Maggots enters the battlefield, discard any number of creature cards. For each card discarded this way, put two +1/+1 counters on Mind Maggots."	B	B	Exodus	66	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Voice of Grace	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from black"	W	W	Urza's Saga	54	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Voice of Law	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from red"	W	W	Urza's Saga	55	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Zephid's Embrace	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying and shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	114	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Crazed Skirge	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying, haste"	B	B	Urza's Saga	125	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Order of Yawgmoth	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever Order of Yawgmoth deals damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Urza's Saga	144	uncommon	Chippy		
Parasitic Bond	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, Parasitic Bond deals 2 damage to that player."	B	B	Urza's Saga	145	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Reclusive Wight	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Minion	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control another nonland permanent, sacrifice Reclusive Wight."	B	B	Urza's Saga	153	uncommon	Vincent Evans		
Vampiric Embrace	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by enchanted creature this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	B	B	Urza's Saga	164	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Argothian Elder	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Untap two target lands.	G	G	Urza's Saga	233	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Bull Hippo	3G	4	Creature ? Hippo	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	G	G	Urza's Saga	239	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Gaea's Embrace	2GG	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has trample.
{G}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	G	G	Urza's Saga	255	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Hawkeater Moth	3G	4	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	259	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Mobile Fort	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{3}: Mobile Fort gets +3/-1 until end of turn and can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender. Activate this ability only once each turn."			Urza's Saga	303	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Wirecat	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Cat	Wirecat can't attack or block if an enchantment is on the battlefield.			Urza's Saga	317	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Radiant's Dragoons	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Echo {3}{W} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Radiant's Dragoons enters the battlefield, you gain 5 life."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	21	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Phyrexian Defiler	2BB	4	Creature ? Carrier	"{T}, Sacrifice Phyrexian Defiler: Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	60	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Rank and File	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Rank and File enters the battlefield, green creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	65	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Viashino Cutthroat	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino	"Haste
At the beginning of the end step, return Viashino Cutthroat to its owner's hand."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	94	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Thran War Machine	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Echo {4} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
Thran War Machine attacks each combat if able."			Urza's Legacy	134	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Jasmine Seer	3W	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{W}, {T}: Reveal any number of white cards in your hand. You gain 2 life for each card revealed this way."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	10	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Serra Advocate	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{T}: Target attacking or blocking creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	19	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Voice of Duty	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from green"	W	W	Urza's Destiny	23	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Voice of Reason	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from blue"	W	W	Urza's Destiny	24	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Brine Seer	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}: Reveal any number of blue cards in your hand. Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each card revealed this way."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	28	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Disappear	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{U}: Return enchanted creature and Disappear to their owners' hands."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	30	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Iridescent Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Iridescent Drake enters the battlefield, put target Aura card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control attached to Iridescent Drake."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	35	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Nightshade Seer	3B	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{B}, {T}: Reveal any number of black cards in your hand. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards revealed this way."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	63	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Cinder Seer	3R	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{R}, {T}: Reveal any number of red cards in your hand. Cinder Seer deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of cards revealed this way."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	78	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Goblin Berserker	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"First strike, haste"	R	R	Urza's Destiny	82	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Keldon Champion	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"Haste
Echo {2}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Keldon Champion enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	90	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Gamekeeper	3G	4	Creature ? Elf	"When Gamekeeper dies, you may exile it. If you do, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card onto the battlefield and put all other cards revealed this way into your graveyard."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	106	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Ivy Seer	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Wizard	"{2}{G}, {T}: Reveal any number of green cards in your hand. Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards revealed this way."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	110	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Extruder	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Echo {4} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
Sacrifice an artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."			Urza's Destiny	130	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Thran Dynamo	4	4	Artifact	{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}.			Urza's Destiny	139	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Charmed Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
When Charmed Griffin enters the battlefield, each other player may put an artifact or enchantment card onto the battlefield from their hand."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	7	uncommon	Ray Lago		
Ramosian Commander	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Rebel	"{6}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 5 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	36	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Trap Runner	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Target unblocked attacking creature becomes blocked. Activate this ability only during combat after blockers are declared. (This ability works on creatures that can't be blocked.)	W	W	Mercadian Masques	55	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Wishmonger	3W	4	Creature ? Unicorn Monger	{2}: Target creature gains protection from the color of its controller's choice until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	57	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Chameleon Spirit	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion Spirit	"As Chameleon Spirit enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Chameleon Spirit's power and toughness are each equal to the number of permanents of the chosen color your opponents control."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	65	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Glowing Anemone	3U	4	Creature ? Jellyfish Beast	"When Glowing Anemone enters the battlefield, you may return target land to its owner's hand."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	81	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Rishadan Footpad	3U	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Rishadan Footpad enters the battlefield, each opponent sacrifices a permanent unless they pay {2}."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	94	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Sailmonger	3U	4	Creature ? Human Monger	{2}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	95	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Saprazzan Legate	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"If an opponent controls a Mountain and you control an Island, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Flying"	U	U	Mercadian Masques	100	uncommon	Andrew Goldhawk		
Cateran Kidnappers	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{3}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	122	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Deepwood Legate	3B	4	Creature ? Shade	"If an opponent controls a Forest and you control a Swamp, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
{B}: Deepwood Legate gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	132	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Enslaved Horror	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"When Enslaved Horror enters the battlefield, each other player may return a creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	134	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Scandalmonger	3B	4	Creature ? Boar Monger	{2}: Target player discards a card. Any player may activate this ability but only any time they could cast a sorcery.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	158	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Hired Giant	3R	4	Creature ? Giant	"When Hired Giant enters the battlefield, each other player may search their library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	194	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Warmonger	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Monger	{2}: Warmonger deals 1 damage to each creature without flying and each player. Any player may activate this ability.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	225	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Lumbering Satyr	2GG	4	Creature ? Satyr Beast	All creatures have forestwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Mercadian Masques	257	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Saber Ants	3G	4	Creature ? Insect	"Whenever Saber Ants is dealt damage, you may create that many 1/1 green Insect creature tokens."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	267	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Squallmonger	3G	4	Creature ? Monger	{2}: Squallmonger deals 1 damage to each creature with flying and each player. Any player may activate this ability.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	276	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Crenellated Wall	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{T}: Target creature gets +0/+4 until end of turn."			Mercadian Masques	290	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Panacea	4	4	Artifact	"{X}{X}, {T}: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."			Mercadian Masques	308	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Voice of Truth	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, protection from white"	W	W	Nemesis	25	uncommon	rk post		
Jolting Merfolk	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk	"Fading 4 (This creature enters the battlefield with four fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Jolting Merfolk: Tap target creature."	U	U	Nemesis	34	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Stronghold Zeppelin	2UU	4	Creature ? Human	"Flying
Stronghold Zeppelin can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Nemesis	47	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Phyrexian Prowler	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Mercenary	"Fading 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Phyrexian Prowler: Phyrexian Prowler gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Nemesis	65	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Rathi Fiend	3B	4	Creature ? Horror Mercenary	"When Rathi Fiend enters the battlefield, each player loses 3 life.
{3}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Nemesis	68	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Laccolith Warrior	2RR	4	Creature ? Beast Warrior	"Whenever Laccolith Warrior becomes blocked, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature. If you do, Laccolith Warrior assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Nemesis	90	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Flint Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Whenever Flint Golem becomes blocked, defending player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."			Nemesis	130	uncommon	Lou Harrison		
Rackling	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Rackling deals X damage to that player, where X is 3 minus the number of cards in their hand."			Nemesis	136	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Rusting Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Fading 5 (This creature enters the battlefield with five fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Rusting Golem's power and toughness are each equal to the number of fade counters on it."			Nemesis	138	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Viseling	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Viseling deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of cards in their hand minus 4."			Nemesis	140	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Entangler	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can block any number of creatures."	W	W	Prophecy	7	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Reveille Squad	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Rebel	"Whenever one or more creatures attack you, if Reveille Squad is untapped, you may untap all creatures you control."	W	W	Prophecy	18	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Windscouter	3U	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"Flying
When Windscouter attacks or blocks, return it to its owner's hand at end of combat. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	U	U	Prophecy	53	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pit Raptor	2BB	4	Creature ? Bird Mercenary	"Flying, first strike
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Pit Raptor unless you pay {2}{B}{B}."	B	B	Prophecy	72	uncommon	Thomas Gianni		
Barbed Field	2RR	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: This land deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Prophecy	83	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Darba	3G	4	Creature ? Bird Beast	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Darba unless you pay {G}{G}."	G	G	Prophecy	111	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Hollow Warrior	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem Warrior	Hollow Warrior can't attack or block unless you tap an untapped creature you control not declared as an attacking or blocking creature this combat. (This cost is paid as attackers or blockers are declared.)			Prophecy	138	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Well of Life	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, if you control no untapped lands, you gain 2 life."			Prophecy	141	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Benalish Heralds	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{3}{U}, {T}: Draw a card."	W	W	Invasion	6	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Rainbow Crow	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{1}: Rainbow Crow becomes the color of your choice until end of turn."	U	U	Invasion	69	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Trench Wurm	3B	4	Creature ? Wurm	"{2}{R}, {T}: Destroy target nonbasic land."	B	R	Invasion	127	uncommon	Wayne England		
Urborg Shambler	2BB	4	Creature ? Horror	Other black creatures get -1/-1.	B	B	Invasion	133	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Kavu Runner	3R	4	Creature ? Kavu	Kavu Runner has haste as long as no opponent controls a white or blue creature.	R	R	Invasion	150	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Rooting Kavu	2GG	4	Creature ? Kavu	"When Rooting Kavu dies, you may exile it. If you do, shuffle all creature cards from your graveyard into your library."	G	G	Invasion	207	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Charging Troll	2GW	4	Creature ? Troll	"Vigilance
{G}: Regenerate Charging Troll."	W	W	Invasion	239	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Horned Cheetah	2GW	4	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Horned Cheetah deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Invasion	251	uncommon	John Matson		
Slinking Serpent	2UB	4	Creature ? Serpent	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	U	U	Invasion	274	uncommon	Wayne England		
Voracious Cobra	2RG	4	Creature ? Snake	"First strike
Whenever Voracious Cobra deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature."	R	R	Invasion	288	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Yavimaya Kavu	2RG	4	Creature ? Kavu	"Yavimaya Kavu's power is equal to the number of red creatures on the battlefield.
Yavimaya Kavu's toughness is equal to the number of green creatures on the battlefield."	R	R	Invasion	291	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Power Armor	4	4	Artifact	"Domain ? {3}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each basic land type among lands you control."			Invasion	309	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Guard Dogs	3W	4	Creature ? Hound	"{2}{W}, {T}: Choose a permanent you control. Prevent all combat damage target creature would deal this turn if it shares a color with that permanent."	W	W	Planeshift	5	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Flametongue Kavu	3R	4	Creature ? Kavu	"When Flametongue Kavu enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Planeshift	60	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Mirrorwood Treefolk	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk	"{2}{R}{W}: The next time damage would be dealt to Mirrorwood Treefolk this turn, that damage is dealt to any target instead."	G	W	Planeshift	83	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Marsh Crocodile	2UB	4	Creature ? Crocodile	"When Marsh Crocodile enters the battlefield, return a blue or black creature you control to its owner's hand.
When Marsh Crocodile enters the battlefield, each player discards a card."	U	U	Planeshift	115	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Sawtooth Loon	2WU	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Sawtooth Loon enters the battlefield, return a white or blue creature you control to its owner's hand.
When Sawtooth Loon enters the battlefield, draw two cards, then put two cards from your hand on the bottom of your library."	W	W	Planeshift	123	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Sparkcaster	2RG	4	Creature ? Kavu	"When Sparkcaster enters the battlefield, return a red or green creature you control to its owner's hand.
When Sparkcaster enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Planeshift	126	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Enlistment Officer	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
When Enlistment Officer enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all Soldier cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	W	W	Apocalypse	9	uncommon	Wayne England		
Tidal Courier	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk	"When Tidal Courier enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all Merfolk cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
{3}{U}: Tidal Courier gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Apocalypse	31	uncommon	Wayne England		
Whirlpool Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Whirlpool Drake enters the battlefield, shuffle the cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards.
When Whirlpool Drake dies, shuffle the cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards."	U	U	Apocalypse	34	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Grave Defiler	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Grave Defiler enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all Zombie cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Grave Defiler."	B	B	Apocalypse	40	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Bloodfire Kavu	2RR	4	Creature ? Kavu	"{R}, Sacrifice Bloodfire Kavu: It deals 2 damage to each creature."	R	R	Apocalypse	58	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Flowstone Charger	2RW	4	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Flowstone Charger attacks, it gets +3/-3 until end of turn."	W	W	Apocalypse	99	uncommon	John Gallagher		
Jungle Barrier	2GU	4	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Jungle Barrier enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Apocalypse	106	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Luminous Guardian	3W	4	Creature ? Human Nomad	"{W}: Luminous Guardian gets +0/+1 until end of turn.
{2}: Luminous Guardian can block an additional creature this turn."	W	W	Odyssey	31	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Resilient Wanderer	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Nomad	"First strike
Discard a card: Resilient Wanderer gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Odyssey	43	uncommon	Clyde Caldwell		
Aven Smokeweaver	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying, protection from red"	U	U	Odyssey	64	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Cephalid Broker	3U	4	Creature ? Cephalid	"{T}: Target player draws two cards, then discards two cards."	U	U	Odyssey	71	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Chamber of Manipulation	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}, Discard a card: Gain control of target creature until end of turn."""	U	U	Odyssey	76	uncommon	Wayne England		
Treetop Sentinel	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying, protection from green"	U	U	Odyssey	111	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Childhood Horror	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Childhood Horror gets +2/+2 and can't block."	B	B	Odyssey	123	uncommon	Larry Elmore		
Famished Ghoul	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice Famished Ghoul: Exile up to two target cards from a single graveyard."	B	B	Odyssey	135	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Painbringer	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Minion	"{T}, Exile any number of cards from your graveyard: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards exiled this way."	B	B	Odyssey	155	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Whipkeeper	2RR	4	Creature ? Dwarf	{T}: Whipkeeper deals damage to target creature equal to the damage already dealt to it this turn.	R	R	Odyssey	228	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Teroh's Vanguard	3W	4	Creature ? Human Nomad	"Flash
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Teroh's Vanguard has ""When Teroh's Vanguard enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain protection from black until end of turn."""	W	W	Torment	19	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Balshan Collaborator	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{B}: Balshan Collaborator gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Torment	25	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Gloomdrifter	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Minion	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Gloomdrifter has ""When Gloomdrifter enters the battlefield, nonblack creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn."""	B	B	Torment	61	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Pardic Arsonist	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Pardic Arsonist has ""When Pardic Arsonist enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target."""	R	R	Torment	105	uncommon	rk post		
Pardic Collaborator	3R	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"First strike
{B}: Pardic Collaborator gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Torment	106	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Centaur Chieftain	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur	"Haste
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Centaur Chieftain has ""When Centaur Chieftain enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn."""	G	G	Torment	122	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Wonder	3U	4	Creature ? Incarnation	"Flying
As long as Wonder is in your graveyard and you control an Island, creatures you control have flying."	U	U	Judgment	54	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Wormfang Crab	3U	4	Creature ? Nightmare Crab	"Wormfang Crab can't be blocked.
When Wormfang Crab enters the battlefield, an opponent chooses a permanent you control other than Wormfang Crab and exiles it.
When Wormfang Crab leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	U	U	Judgment	56	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Filth	3B	4	Creature ? Incarnation	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
As long as Filth is in your graveyard and you control a Swamp, creatures you control have swampwalk."	B	B	Judgment	66	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Anger	3R	4	Creature ? Incarnation	"Haste
As long as Anger is in your graveyard and you control a Mountain, creatures you control have haste."	R	R	Judgment	77	uncommon	John Avon		
Dwarven Driller	3R	4	Creature ? Dwarf	{T}: Destroy target land unless its controller has Dwarven Driller deal 2 damage to them.	R	R	Judgment	85	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Brawn	3G	4	Creature ? Incarnation	"Trample
As long as Brawn is in your graveyard and you control a Forest, creatures you control have trample."	G	G	Judgment	107	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Phantom Centaur	2GG	4	Creature ? Centaur Spirit	"Protection from black
Phantom Centaur enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Phantom Centaur, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Centaur."	G	G	Judgment	127	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Crude Rampart	3W	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Morph {4}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Onslaught	17	uncommon	Sam Wood		
Doubtless One	3W	4	Creature ? Cleric Avatar	"Doubtless One's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Clerics on the battlefield.
Whenever Doubtless One deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Onslaught	27	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Gustcloak Sentinel	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Gustcloak Sentinel becomes blocked, you may untap it and remove it from combat."	W	W	Onslaught	37	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Gustcloak Skirmisher	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Whenever Gustcloak Skirmisher becomes blocked, you may untap it and remove it from combat."	W	W	Onslaught	38	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Improvised Armor	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+5.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Onslaught	40	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Nameless One	3U	4	Creature ? Wizard Avatar	"Nameless One's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Wizards on the battlefield.
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Onslaught	100	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Rummaging Wizard	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	{2}{U}: Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.	U	U	Onslaught	110	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Cabal Executioner	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Cabal Executioner deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices a creature.
Morph {3}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	130	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Soulless One	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Avatar	Soulless One's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Zombies on the battlefield plus the number of Zombie cards in all graveyards.	B	B	Onslaught	171	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Embermage Goblin	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Wizard	"When Embermage Goblin enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Embermage Goblin, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.
{T}: Embermage Goblin deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Onslaught	200	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Reckless One	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Avatar	"Haste
Reckless One's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Goblins on the battlefield."	R	R	Onslaught	222	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Heedless One	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Avatar	"Trample
Heedless One's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Elves on the battlefield."	G	G	Onslaught	265	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Serpentine Basilisk	2GG	4	Creature ? Basilisk	"Whenever Serpentine Basilisk deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat.
Morph {1}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Onslaught	280	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Akroma's Devoted	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	Cleric creatures have vigilance.	W	W	Legions	2	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Liege of the Axe	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance
Morph {1}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Liege of the Axe is turned face up, untap it."	W	W	Legions	16	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Master of the Veil	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Master of the Veil is turned face up, you may turn target creature with a morph ability face down."	U	U	Legions	43	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Shifting Sliver	3U	4	Creature ? Sliver	Slivers can't be blocked except by Slivers.	U	U	Legions	52	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Deathmark Prelate	3B	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a Zombie: Destroy target non-Zombie creature. It can't be regenerated. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Legions	65	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Goblin Clearcutter	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"{T}, Sacrifice a Forest: Add three mana in any combination of {R} and/or {G}."	R	R	Legions	96	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Ridgetop Raptor	3R	4	Creature ? Dinosaur Beast	Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	R	R	Legions	108	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Canopy Crawler	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"Amplify 1 (As this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each Beast card you reveal in your hand.)
{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each +1/+1 counter on Canopy Crawler."	G	G	Legions	122	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Root Sliver	3G	4	Creature ? Sliver	"This spell can't be countered.
Sliver spells can't be countered."	G	G	Legions	137	uncommon	Matt Thompson		
Wirewood Channeler	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of Elves on the battlefield."	G	G	Legions	144	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Daru Warchief	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Soldier spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Soldier creatures you control get +1/+2."	W	W	Scourge	6	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Aphetto Runecaster	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever a permanent is turned face up, you may draw a card."	U	U	Scourge	28	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Bladewing's Thrall	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Bladewing's Thrall has flying as long as you control a Dragon.
When a Dragon enters the battlefield, you may return Bladewing's Thrall from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Scourge	55	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Goblin Psychopath	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	"Whenever Goblin Psychopath attacks or blocks, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, the next time it would deal combat damage this turn, it deals that damage to you instead."	R	R	Scourge	95	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Skirk Volcanist	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Morph?Sacrifice two Mountains. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Skirk Volcanist is turned face up, it deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target creatures."	R	R	Scourge	104	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Auspicious Ancestor	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Auspicious Ancestor dies, you gain 3 life.
Whenever a player casts a white spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Mirage	3	rare	Zina Saunders		
Null Chamber	3W	4	World Enchantment	"As Null Chamber enters the battlefield, you and an opponent each choose a card name other than a basic land card name.
Spells with the chosen names can't be cast and lands with the chosen names can't be played."	W	W	Mirage	31	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Sidar Jabari	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Sidar Jabari attacks, tap target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Mirage	39	rare	Gerry Grace		
Spectral Guardian	2WW	4	Creature ? Spirit	"As long as Spectral Guardian is untapped, noncreature artifacts have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)"	W	W	Mirage	41	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Kukemssa Pirates	3U	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Whenever Kukemssa Pirates attacks and isn't blocked, you may gain control of target artifact defending player controls. If you do, Kukemssa Pirates assigns no combat damage this turn."	U	U	Mirage	71	rare	Jock		
Abyssal Hunter	3B	4	Creature ? Human Assassin	"{B}, {T}: Tap target creature. Abyssal Hunter deals damage equal to Abyssal Hunter's power to that creature."	B	B	Mirage	103	rare	Steve Luke		
Harbinger of Night	2BB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -1/-1 counter on each creature."	B	B	Mirage	128	rare	Tom Kyffin		
Tainted Specter	3B	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
{1}{B}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card unless they put a card from their hand on top of their library. If that player discards a card this way, Tainted Specter deals 1 damage to each creature and each player. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Mirage	148	rare	Chippy		
Tombstone Stairwell	2BB	4	World Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1}{B} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of each upkeep, if Tombstone Stairwell is on the battlefield, each player creates a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with haste named Tombspawn for each creature card in their graveyard.
At the beginning of each end step or when Tombstone Stairwell leaves the battlefield, destroy all tokens created with Tombstone Stairwell. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Mirage	149	rare	Dom!		
Emberwilde Djinn	2RR	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may pay {R}{R} or 2 life. If the player does, they gain control of Emberwilde Djinn."	R	R	Mirage	172	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Reckless Embermage	3R	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	{1}{R}: Reckless Embermage deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to itself.	R	R	Mirage	189	rare	Tom Kyffin		
Jungle Patrol	3G	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}{G}, {T}: Create a 0/1 green Wall creature token with defender named Wood.
Sacrifice a token named Wood: Add {R}."	G	R	Mirage	223	rare	Mark Poole		
"Asmira, Holy Avenger"	2GW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Flying
At the beginning of each end step, put a +1/+1 counter on Asmira, Holy Avenger for each creature put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn."	W	W	Mirage	256	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Benthic Djinn	2UB	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life."	U	U	Mirage	257	rare	Adam Rex		
Discordant Spirit	2BR	4	Creature ? Spirit	"At the beginning of each end step, if it's an opponent's turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Discordant Spirit for each 1 damage dealt to you this turn.
At the beginning of your end step, remove all +1/+1 counters from Discordant Spirit."	R	R	Mirage	261	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Emberwilde Caliph	2UR	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying, trample
Emberwilde Caliph attacks each combat if able.
Whenever Emberwilde Caliph deals damage, you lose that much life."	U	U	Mirage	262	rare	Jennifer Law		
Warping Wurm	2GU	4	Creature ? Wurm	"Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, Warping Wurm phases out unless you pay {2}{G}{U}.
Whenever Warping Wurm phases in, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Mirage	287	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Acidic Dagger	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Whenever target creature deals combat damage to a non-Wall creature this turn, destroy that non-Wall creature. When the targeted creature leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice Acidic Dagger. Activate this ability only before blockers are declared."			Mirage	291	rare	Stuart Beel		
Amber Prison	4	4	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Amber Prison during your untap step.
{4}, {T}: Tap target artifact, creature, or land. That permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Amber Prison remains tapped."			Mirage	292	rare	Donato Giancola		
Bone Mask	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. Exile cards from the top of your library equal to the damage prevented this way."			Mirage	295	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Razor Pendulum	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's end step, if that player has 5 or less life, Razor Pendulum deals 2 damage to that player."			Mirage	317	rare	Zak Plucinski		
Eye of Singularity	3W	4	World Enchantment	"When Eye of Singularity enters the battlefield, destroy each permanent with the same name as another permanent, except for basic lands. They can't be regenerated.
Whenever a permanent other than a basic land enters the battlefield, destroy all other permanents with that name. They can't be regenerated."	W	W	Visions	4	rare	Eric Peterson		
Rainbow Efreet	3U	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
{U}{U}: Rainbow Efreet phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	U	U	Visions	41	rare	Nathalie Hertz		
Pillar Tombs of Aku	2BB	4	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may sacrifice a creature. If that player doesn't, they lose 5 life and you sacrifice Pillar Tombs of Aku."	B	B	Visions	67	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Elkin Lair	3R	4	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player exiles a card at random from their hand. The player may play that card this turn. At the beginning of the next end step, if the player hasn't played the card, they put it into their graveyard."	R	R	Visions	78	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Diamond Kaleidoscope	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Create a 0/1 colorless Prism artifact creature token.
Sacrifice a Prism token: Add one mana of any color."			Visions	143	rare	Ron Spencer		
Sands of Time	4	4	Artifact	"Each player skips their untap step.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player simultaneously untaps each tapped artifact, creature, and land they control and taps each untapped artifact, creature, and land they control."			Visions	153	rare	Paul Lee		
Snake Basket	4	4	Artifact	"{X}, Sacrifice Snake Basket: Create X 1/1 green Snake creature tokens. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Visions	155	rare	Roger Raupp		
Southern Paladin	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"{W}{W}, {T}: Destroy target red permanent."	W	W	Weatherlight	27	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Avizoa	3U	4	Creature ? Jellyfish	"Flying
{0}: Avizoa gets +2/+2 until end of turn. You skip your next untap step. Activate this ability only once each turn."	U	U	Weatherlight	35	rare	Paolo Parente		
Urborg Stalker	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player controls a nonblack, nonland permanent, Urborg Stalker deals 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Weatherlight	85	rare	Cliff Nielsen		
Fungus Elemental	3G	4	Creature ? Fungus Elemental	"{G}, Sacrifice a Forest: Put a +2/+2 counter on Fungus Elemental. Activate this ability only if Fungus Elemental entered the battlefield this turn."	G	G	Weatherlight	128	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Liege of the Hollows	2GG	4	Creature ? Spirit	"When Liege of the Hollows dies, each player may pay any amount of mana. Then each player creates a number of 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens equal to the amount of mana they paid this way."	G	G	Weatherlight	131	rare	Ron Spencer		
Bubble Matrix	4	4	Artifact	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures.			Weatherlight	146	rare	Brom		
Thran Tome	4	4	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Reveal the top three cards of your library. Target opponent chooses one of those cards. Put that card into your graveyard, then draw two cards."			Weatherlight	160	rare	Donato Giancola		
Tradewind Rider	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{T}, Tap two untapped creatures you control: Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Tempest	98	rare	John Matson		
Unstable Shapeshifter	3U	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, Unstable Shapeshifter becomes a copy of that creature, except it has this ability."	U	U	Tempest	100	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Bounty Hunter	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Archer Minion	"{T}: Put a bounty counter on target nonblack creature.
{T}: Destroy target creature with a bounty counter on it."	B	B	Tempest	110	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Kezzerdrix	2BB	4	Creature ? Rabbit Beast	"First strike
At the beginning of your upkeep, if your opponents control no creatures, Kezzerdrix deals 4 damage to you."	B	B	Tempest	139	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Canyon Drake	2RR	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{1}, Discard a card at random: Canyon Drake gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Tempest	166	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Chaotic Goo	2RR	4	Creature ? Ooze	"Chaotic Goo enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may flip a coin. If you win the flip, put a +1/+1 counter on Chaotic Goo. If you lose the flip, remove a +1/+1 counter from Chaotic Goo."	R	R	Tempest	168	rare	Allen Williams		
Crazed Armodon	2GG	4	Creature ? Elephant	{G}: Crazed Armodon gets +3/+0 and gains trample until end of turn. Destroy Crazed Armodon at the beginning of the next end step. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Tempest	220	rare	Gary Leach		
Elven Warhounds	3G	4	Creature ? Hound	"Whenever Elven Warhounds becomes blocked by a creature, put that creature on top of its owner's library."	G	G	Tempest	225	rare	Kev Walker		
Fugitive Druid	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever Fugitive Druid becomes the target of an Aura spell, you draw a card."	G	G	Tempest	229	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Mongrel Pack	3G	4	Creature ? Hound	"When Mongrel Pack dies during combat, create four 1/1 green Hound creature tokens."	G	G	Tempest	237	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Soltari Guerrillas	2RW	4	Creature ? Soltari Soldier	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{0}: The next time Soltari Guerrillas would deal combat damage to an opponent this turn, it deals that damage to target creature instead."	W	W	Tempest	272	rare	Val Mayerik		
Cold Storage	4	4	Artifact	"{3}: Exile target creature you control.
Sacrifice Cold Storage: Return each creature card exiled with Cold Storage to the battlefield under your control."			Tempest	280	rare	Greg Simanson		
Echo Chamber	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: An opponent chooses target creature they control. Create a token that's a copy of that creature. That token gains haste until end of turn. Exile the token at the beginning of the next end step. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Tempest	282	rare	Donato Giancola		
Emmessi Tome	4	4	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Draw two cards, then discard a card."			Tempest	284	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Energizer	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"{2}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Energizer."			Tempest	285	rare	Val Mayerik		
Fool's Tome	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have no cards in hand."			Tempest	289	rare	Julie Baroh		
Helm of Possession	4	4	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Helm of Possession during your untap step.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Gain control of target creature for as long as you control Helm of Possession and Helm of Possession remains tapped."			Tempest	291	rare	Janet Aulisio		
Thalakos Deceiver	3U	4	Creature ? Thalakos Wizard	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever Thalakos Deceiver attacks and isn't blocked, you may sacrifice it. If you do, gain control of target creature. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Stronghold	45	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Crovax the Cursed	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Crovax the Cursed enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Crovax. If you don't, remove a +1/+1 counter from Crovax.
{B}: Crovax gains flying until end of turn."	B	B	Stronghold	55	rare	Pete Venters		
Mindwarper	2BB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Mindwarper enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}{B}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Mindwarper: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Stronghold	64	rare	Paolo Parente		
Spike Breeder	3G	4	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Breeder enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Breeder: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Breeder: Create a 1/1 green Spike creature token."	G	G	Stronghold	116	rare	Adam Rex		
Portcullis	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, if there are two or more other creatures on the battlefield, exile that creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control when Portcullis leaves the battlefield."			Stronghold	139	rare	Kev Walker		
Thalakos Drifters	2UU	4	Creature ? Thalakos	Discard a card: Thalakos Drifters gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	U	U	Exodus	47	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Monstrous Hound	3R	4	Creature ? Hound	"Monstrous Hound can't attack unless you control more lands than defending player.
Monstrous Hound can't block unless you control more lands than attacking player."	R	R	Exodus	89	rare	Dermot Power		
Ravenous Baboons	3R	4	Creature ? Monkey	"When Ravenous Baboons enters the battlefield, destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Exodus	97	rare	Daren Bader		
Spike Weaver	2GG	4	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Weaver enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Weaver: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Weaver: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	G	G	Exodus	128	rare	Mike Raabe		
Erratic Portal	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Return target creature to its owner's hand unless its controller pays {1}."			Exodus	132	rare	John Matson		
Null Brooch	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Discard your hand: Counter target noncreature spell."			Exodus	136	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Herald of Serra	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
Echo {2}{W}{W} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	17	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Somnophore	2UU	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Whenever Somnophore deals damage to a player, tap target creature that player controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Somnophore remains on the battlefield."	U	U	Urza's Saga	97	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Lightning Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Echo {2}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
{R}: Lightning Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Urza's Saga	202	rare	Ron Spencer		
Viashino Sandswimmer	2RR	4	Creature ? Viashino	"{R}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, return Viashino Sandswimmer to its owner's hand. If you lose the flip, sacrifice Viashino Sandswimmer."	R	R	Urza's Saga	225	rare	Pete Venters		
Argothian Wurm	3G	4	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Argothian Wurm enters the battlefield, any player may sacrifice a land. If a player does, put Argothian Wurm on top of its owner's library."	G	G	Urza's Saga	236	rare	Kev Walker		
Citanul Centaurs	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Echo {3}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	243	rare	Val Mayerik		
Citanul Hierophants	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"Creatures you control have ""{T}: Add {G}."""	G	G	Urza's Saga	244	rare	Vincent Evans		
Barrin's Codex	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a page counter on Barrin's Codex.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Barrin's Codex: Draw X cards, where X is the number of page counters on Barrin's Codex."			Urza's Saga	286	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Grafted Skullcap	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card.
At the beginning of your end step, discard your hand."			Urza's Saga	296	rare	Brian Despain		
Metrognome	4	4	Artifact	"When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Metrognome, create four 1/1 colorless Gnome artifact creature tokens.
{4}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Gnome artifact creature token."			Urza's Saga	301	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Noetic Scales	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, return to its owner's hand each creature that player controls with power greater than the number of cards in their hand."			Urza's Saga	304	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Phyrexian Processor	4	4	Artifact	"As Phyrexian Processor enters the battlefield, pay any amount of life.
{4}, {T}: Create an X/X black Minion creature token, where X is the life paid as Phyrexian Processor entered the battlefield."			Urza's Saga	306	rare	Ron Spencer		
Smokestack	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a soot counter on Smokestack.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a permanent for each soot counter on Smokestack."			Urza's Saga	309	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Umbilicus	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player returns a permanent they control to its owner's hand unless they pay 2 life."			Urza's Saga	312	rare	Dermot Power		
Anthroplasm	2UU	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Anthroplasm enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{X}, {T}: Remove all +1/+1 counters from Anthroplasm and put X +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	25	rare	Ron Spencer		
Damping Engine	4	4	Artifact	"A player who controls more permanents than each other player can't play lands or cast artifact, creature, or enchantment spells. That player may sacrifice a permanent for that player to ignore this effect until end of turn."			Urza's Legacy	124	rare	rk post		
Thran Weaponry	4	4	Artifact	"Echo {4} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
You may choose not to untap Thran Weaponry during your untap step.
{2}, {T}: All creatures get +2/+2 for as long as Thran Weaponry remains tapped."			Urza's Legacy	135	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Academy Rector	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Academy Rector dies, you may exile it. If you do, search your library for an enchantment card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	1	rare	Heather Hudson		
False Prophet	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When False Prophet dies, exile all creatures."	W	W	Urza's Destiny	6	rare	Eric Peterson		
Aura Thief	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Aura Thief dies, you gain control of all enchantments. (You don't get to move Auras.)"	U	U	Urza's Destiny	26	rare	Ron Spears		
Body Snatcher	2BB	4	Creature ? Minion	"When Body Snatcher enters the battlefield, exile it unless you discard a creature card.
When Body Snatcher dies, exile Body Snatcher and return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	53	rare	Mark Zug		
Pattern of Rebirth	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, that creature's controller may search their library for a creature card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	115	rare	Mark Brill		
Masticore	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Masticore	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Masticore unless you discard a card.
{2}: Masticore deals 1 damage to target creature.
{2}: Regenerate Masticore."			Urza's Destiny	134	rare	Paolo Parente		
Rappelling Scouts	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Rebel Scout	"Flying
{2}{W}: Rappelling Scouts gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	41	rare	Nelson DeCastro		
Extravagant Spirit	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Extravagant Spirit unless you pay {1} for each card in your hand."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	79	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Sand Squid	3U	4	Creature ? Squid Beast	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
You may choose not to untap Sand Squid during your untap step.
{T}: Tap target creature. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Sand Squid remains tapped."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	96	rare	Kev Walker		
Notorious Assassin	3B	4	Creature ? Human Spellshaper Assassin	"{2}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	150	rare	Heather Hudson		
Flailing Manticore	3R	4	Creature ? Manticore	"Flying, first strike
{1}: Flailing Manticore gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.
{1}: Flailing Manticore gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	187	rare	Roger Raupp		
Seismic Mage	3R	4	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Destroy target land."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	211	rare	Pete Venters		
Erithizon	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Erithizon attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature of defending player's choice."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	244	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Pangosaur	2GG	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Whenever a player plays a land, return Pangosaur to its owner's hand."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	261	rare	Mark Tedin		
Vine Dryad	3G	4	Creature ? Dryad	"You may exile a green card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Flash
Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)"	G	G	Mercadian Masques	284	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Crooked Scales	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy target creature an opponent controls. If you lose the flip, destroy target creature you control unless you pay {3} and repeat this process."			Mercadian Masques	291	rare	Ron Spears		
Power Matrix	4	4	Artifact	"{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying, first strike, and trample until end of turn."			Mercadian Masques	309	rare	Alan Pollack		
Seahunter	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{3}, {T}: Search your library for a Merfolk permanent card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Nemesis	41	rare	Heather Hudson		
Rathi Assassin	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Mercenary Assassin	"{1}{B}{B}, {T}: Destroy target tapped nonblack creature.
{3}, {T}: Search your library for a Mercenary permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Nemesis	67	rare	Dana Knutson		
Moggcatcher	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{3}, {T}: Search your library for a Goblin permanent card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	R	R	Nemesis	96	rare	Pete Venters		
Skyshroud Poacher	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Rebel	"{3}, {T}: Search your library for an Elf permanent card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Nemesis	119	rare	Ron Spencer		
Complex Automaton	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control seven or more permanents, return Complex Automaton to its owner's hand."			Nemesis	128	rare	Dana Knutson		
Troublesome Spirit	2UU	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
At the beginning of your end step, tap all lands you control."	U	U	Prophecy	52	rare	Adam Rex		
Fickle Efreet	3R	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Whenever Fickle Efreet attacks or blocks, flip a coin at end of combat. If you lose the flip, an opponent gains control of Fickle Efreet."	R	R	Prophecy	89	rare	Dave Dorman		
Mungha Wurm	2GG	4	Creature ? Wurm	You can't untap more than one land during your untap step.	G	G	Prophecy	119	rare	Greg Staples		
Squirrel Wrangler	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice a land: Create two 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens.
{1}{G}, Sacrifice a land: Squirrel creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Prophecy	127	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Crusading Knight	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from black
Crusading Knight gets +1/+1 for each Swamp your opponents control."	W	W	Invasion	12	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Sunscape Master	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{G}{G}, {T}: Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.
{U}{U}, {T}: Return target creature to its owner's hand."	W	W	Invasion	42	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Blind Seer	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	{1}{U}: Target spell or permanent becomes the color of your choice until end of turn.	U	U	Invasion	47	rare	Dave Dorman		
Metathran Aerostat	2UU	4	Creature ? Metathran	"Flying
{X}{U}: You may put a creature card with converted mana cost X from your hand onto the battlefield. If you do, return Metathran Aerostat to its owner's hand."	U	U	Invasion	61	rare	Greg Staples		
Stormscape Master	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}{W}, {T}: Target creature gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
{B}{B}, {T}: Target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	U	W	Invasion	76	rare	Hannibal King		
Marauding Knight	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Protection from white
Marauding Knight gets +1/+1 for each Plains your opponents control."	B	B	Invasion	110	rare	Daren Bader		
Nightscape Master	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{U}{U}, {T}: Return target creature to its owner's hand.
{R}{R}, {T}: Nightscape Master deals 2 damage to target creature."	B	U	Invasion	113	rare	Andrew Goldhawk		
Tsabo's Assassin	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Assassin	{T}: Destroy target creature if it shares a color with the most common color among all permanents or a color tied for most common. A creature destroyed this way can't be regenerated.	B	B	Invasion	128	rare	Glen Angus		
Kavu Monarch	2RR	4	Creature ? Kavu	"Kavu creatures have trample.
Whenever another Kavu enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Kavu Monarch."	R	R	Invasion	149	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Thunderscape Master	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{B}{B}, {T}: Target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
{G}{G}, {T}: Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Invasion	175	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Jade Leech	2GG	4	Creature ? Leech	Green spells you cast cost {G} more to cast.	G	G	Invasion	190	rare	John Howe		
Thornscape Master	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{R}{R}, {T}: Thornscape Master deals 2 damage to target creature.
{W}{W}, {T}: Target creature gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	G	W	Invasion	216	rare	Larry Elmore		
Blazing Specter	2BR	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying, haste
Whenever Blazing Specter deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	R	R	Invasion	236	rare	Marc Fishman		
Captain Sisay	2GW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Search your library for a legendary card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Invasion	237	rare	Ray Lago		
"Kangee, Aerie Keeper"	2WU	4	Legendary Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Kicker {X}{2} (You may pay an additional {X}{2} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Kangee, Aerie Keeper enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, put X feather counters on it.
Other Bird creatures get +1/+1 for each feather counter on Kangee, Aerie Keeper."	W	W	Invasion	253	rare	Mark Romanoski		
Urza's Filter	4	4	Artifact	Multicolored spells cost up to {2} less to cast.			Invasion	318	rare	Dave Dorman		
Phyrexian Scuta	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Kicker?Pay 3 life. (You may pay 3 life in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
If Phyrexian Scuta was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it."	B	B	Planeshift	51	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Ancient Spider	2GW	4	Creature ? Spider	First strike; reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	W	W	Planeshift	96	rare	Greg Staples		
Doomsday Specter	2UB	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
When Doomsday Specter enters the battlefield, return a blue or black creature you control to its owner's hand.
Whenever Doomsday Specter deals combat damage to a player, look at that player's hand and choose a card from it. The player discards that card."	U	U	Planeshift	103	rare	Donato Giancola		
Questing Phelddagrif	1GWU	4	Creature ? Phelddagrif	"{G}: Questing Phelddagrif gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Target opponent creates a 1/1 green Hippo creature token.
{W}: Questing Phelddagrif gains protection from black and from red until end of turn. Target opponent gains 2 life.
{U}: Questing Phelddagrif gains flying until end of turn. Target opponent may draw a card."	W	W	Planeshift	119	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Skyship Weatherlight	4	4	Legendary Artifact	"When Skyship Weatherlight enters the battlefield, search your library for any number of artifact and/or creature cards and exile them. Then shuffle your library.
{4}, {T}: Choose a card at random that was exiled with Skyship Weatherlight. Put that card into its owner's hand."			Planeshift	133	rare	Mark Tedin		
Anavolver	3G	4	Creature ? Volver	"Kicker {1}{U} and/or {B} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} and/or {B} as you cast this spell.)
If Anavolver was kicked with its {1}{U} kicker, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it and with flying.
If Anavolver was kicked with its {B} kicker, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it and with ""Pay 3 life: Regenerate Anavolver."""	G	U	Apocalypse	75	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Graceful Antelope	2WW	4	Creature ? Antelope	"Plainswalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Plains.)
Whenever Graceful Antelope deals combat damage to a player, you may have target land become a Plains until Graceful Antelope leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Odyssey	24	rare	Heather Hudson		
Cephalid Retainer	2UU	4	Creature ? Cephalid	{U}{U}: Tap target creature without flying.	U	U	Odyssey	73	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Thought Devourer	2UU	4	Creature ? Beast	"Flying
Your maximum hand size is reduced by four."	U	U	Odyssey	105	rare	Jim Nelson		
Bomb Squad	3R	4	Creature ? Dwarf	"{T}: Put a fuse counter on target creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a fuse counter on each creature with a fuse counter on it.
Whenever a creature has four or more fuse counters on it, remove all fuse counters from it and destroy it. That creature deals 4 damage to its controller."	R	R	Odyssey	179	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Mine Layer	3R	4	Creature ? Dwarf	"{1}{R}, {T}: Put a mine counter on target land.
Whenever a land with a mine counter on it becomes tapped, destroy it.
When Mine Layer leaves the battlefield, remove all mine counters from all lands."	R	R	Odyssey	205	rare	Mark Brill		
Krosan Beast	3G	4	Creature ? Squirrel Beast	Threshold ? Krosan Beast gets +7/+7 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard.	G	G	Odyssey	248	rare	Kev Walker		
Zoologist	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"{3}{G}, {T}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard."	G	G	Odyssey	285	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Charmed Pendant	4	4	Artifact	"{T}, Put the top card of your library into your graveyard: For each colored mana symbol in that card's mana cost, add one mana of that color. Activate this ability only any time you could cast an instant. (For example, if the card's mana cost is {3}{U}{U}{B}, you add {U}{U}{B}.)"			Odyssey	298	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Junk Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Junk Golem enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Junk Golem unless you remove a +1/+1 counter from it.
{1}, Discard a card: Put a +1/+1 counter on Junk Golem."			Odyssey	300	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Otarian Juggernaut	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Otarian Juggernaut can't be blocked by Walls.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Otarian Juggernaut gets +3/+0 and attacks each combat if able."			Odyssey	305	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Major Teroh	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{3}{W}{W}, Sacrifice Major Teroh: Exile all black creatures."	W	W	Torment	8	rare	Daren Bader		
Possessed Nomad	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Nomad Horror	"Vigilance
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Possessed Nomad gets +1/+1, is black, and has ""{2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target white creature."""	W	W	Torment	13	rare	Eric Peterson		
"Llawan, Cephalid Empress"	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Cephalid	"When Llawan, Cephalid Empress enters the battlefield, return all blue creatures your opponents control to their owners' hands.
Your opponents can't cast blue creature spells."	U	U	Torment	42	rare	Mark Zug		
Possessed Aven	2UU	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier Horror	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Possessed Aven gets +1/+1, is black, and has ""{2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target blue creature."""	U	U	Torment	45	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Ichorid	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"Haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Ichorid.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Ichorid is in your graveyard, you may exile a black creature card other than Ichorid from your graveyard. If you do, return Ichorid to the battlefield."	B	B	Torment	65	rare	rk post		
Shambling Swarm	1BBB	4	Creature ? Horror	"When Shambling Swarm dies, distribute three -1/-1 counters among one, two, or three target creatures. For each -1/-1 counter you put on a creature this way, remove a -1/-1 counter from that creature at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Torment	82	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Possessed Barbarian	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian Horror	"First strike
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Possessed Barbarian gets +1/+1, is black, and has ""{2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target red creature."""	R	R	Torment	111	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Possessed Centaur	2GG	4	Creature ? Centaur Horror	"Trample
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Possessed Centaur gets +1/+1, is black, and has ""{2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target green creature."""	G	G	Torment	137	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Commander Eesha	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying, protection from creatures"	W	W	Judgment	9	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Balthor the Defiled	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Dwarf	"Minion creatures get +1/+1.
{B}{B}{B}, Exile Balthor the Defiled: Each player returns all black and all red creature cards from their graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Judgment	61	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Fledgling Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Fledgling Dragon gets +3/+3 and has ""{R}: Fledgling Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Judgment	90	rare	Greg Staples		
"Jeska, Warrior Adept"	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Barbarian Warrior	"First strike, haste
{T}: Jeska, Warrior Adept deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Judgment	93	rare	rk post		
Erhnam Djinn	3G	4	Creature ? Djinn	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target non-Wall creature an opponent controls gains forestwalk until your next upkeep. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)"	G	G	Judgment	113	rare	Greg Staples		
Grinning Demon	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life.
Morph {2}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Onslaught	153	rare	Mark Zug		
Blistering Firecat	1RRR	4	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"Trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Blistering Firecat.
Morph {R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Onslaught	189	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Goblin Pyromancer	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Wizard	"When Goblin Pyromancer enters the battlefield, Goblin creatures get +3/+0 until end of turn.
At the beginning of the end step, destroy all Goblins."	R	R	Onslaught	206	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Ravenous Baloth	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	Sacrifice a Beast: You gain 4 life.	G	G	Onslaught	278	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Riptide Replicator	X4	4	Artifact	"As Riptide Replicator enters the battlefield, choose a color and a creature type.
Riptide Replicator enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
{4}, {T}: Create an X/X creature token of the chosen color and type, where X is the number of charge counters on Riptide Replicator."			Onslaught	309	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Defender of the Order	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Morph {W}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Defender of the Order is turned face up, creatures you control get +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Legions	11	rare	Darrell Riche		
Riptide Director	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}{U}, {T}: Draw a card for each Wizard you control."	U	U	Legions	50	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Bane of the Living	2BB	4	Creature ? Insect	"Morph {X}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Bane of the Living is turned face up, all creatures get -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Legions	60	rare	Justin Sweet		
Toxin Sliver	3B	4	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver deals combat damage to a creature, destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Legions	84	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Clickslither	1RRR	4	Creature ? Insect	"Haste
Sacrifice a Goblin: Clickslither gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Legions	90	rare	Kev Walker		
Goblin Goon	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	"Goblin Goon can't attack unless you control more creatures than defending player.
Goblin Goon can't block unless you control more creatures than attacking player."	R	R	Legions	99	rare	Greg Staples		
Magma Sliver	3R	4	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{T}: Target Sliver creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of Slivers on the battlefield."""	R	R	Legions	107	rare	Wayne England		
Ageless Sentinels	3W	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
When Ageless Sentinels blocks, it becomes a Bird Giant, and it loses defender. (It's no longer a Wall. This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	W	W	Scourge	1	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Dawn Elemental	WWWW	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Dawn Elemental."	W	W	Scourge	7	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Trap Digger	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{2}{W}, {T}: Put a trap counter on target land you control.
Sacrifice a land with a trap counter on it: Trap Digger deals 3 damage to target attacking creature without flying."	W	W	Scourge	24	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Forgotten Ancient	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever a player casts a spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Forgotten Ancient.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move any number of +1/+1 counters from Forgotten Ancient onto other creatures."	G	G	Scourge	120	rare	Mark Tedin		
Suq'Ata Firewalker	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Suq'Ata Firewalker can't be the target of red spells or abilities from red sources.
{T}: Suq'Ata Firewalker deals 1 damage to any target."	U	U	Mirage	94	uncommon	David O'Connor		
Haunting Apparition	1UB	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
As Haunting Apparition enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
Haunting Apparition's power is equal to 1 plus the number of green creature cards in the chosen player's graveyard."	U	U	Mirage	267	uncommon	Chippy		
Jungle Troll	1RG	3	Creature ? Troll	"{R}: Regenerate Jungle Troll.
{G}: Regenerate Jungle Troll."	R	R	Mirage	269	uncommon	John Bolton		
Radiant Essence	1GW	3	Creature ? Spirit	Radiant Essence gets +1/+2 as long as an opponent controls a black permanent.	W	W	Mirage	276	uncommon	Jennifer Law		
Shauku's Minion	1BR	3	Creature ? Human Minion	"{B}{R}, {T}: Shauku's Minion deals 2 damage to target white creature."	R	R	Mirage	283	uncommon	Greg Simanson		
Windreaper Falcon	1RG	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, protection from blue"	R	R	Mirage	289	uncommon	Tony Roberts		
Chariot of the Sun	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Until end of turn, target creature you control gains flying and has base toughness 1."			Mirage	297	uncommon	Gerry Grace		
Ersatz Gnomes	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Gnome	"{T}: Target spell becomes colorless.
{T}: Target permanent becomes colorless until end of turn."			Mirage	301	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Horrible Hordes	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Spirit	"Rampage 1 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"			Mirage	304	uncommon	Ian Miller		
Unerring Sling	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Unerring Sling deals damage equal to the tapped creature's power to target attacking or blocking creature with flying."			Mirage	322	uncommon	Zak Plucinski		
Teferi's Honor Guard	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
{U}{U}: Teferi's Honor Guard phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Visions	22	uncommon	Cecil Fernando		
Shimmering Efreet	2U	3	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
Whenever Shimmering Efreet phases in, target creature phases out. (It phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Visions	42	uncommon	Thomas Gianni		
Suq'Ata Assassin	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)
Whenever Suq'Ata Assassin attacks and isn't blocked, defending player gets a poison counter. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	B	B	Visions	69	uncommon	Gary Gianni		
Uktabi Orangutan	2G	3	Creature ? Ape	"When Uktabi Orangutan enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	G	G	Visions	123	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Army Ants	1BR	3	Creature ? Insect	"{T}, Sacrifice a land: Destroy target land."	R	R	Visions	126	uncommon	Geofrey Darrow & I. Rabarot		
Mundungu	1UB	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} and 1 life.	U	U	Visions	132	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Tempest Drake	1WU	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Visions	139	uncommon	Gerry Grace		
Dragon Mask	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Return it to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"			Visions	144	uncommon	Craig Hooper		
Master of Arms	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
{1}{W}: Tap target creature blocking Master of Arms."	W	W	Weatherlight	20	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Noble Benefactor	2U	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Noble Benefactor dies, each player may search their library for a card and put that card into their hand. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	U	U	Weatherlight	44	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Timid Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When another creature enters the battlefield, return Timid Drake to its owner's hand."	U	U	Weatherlight	54	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Vodalian Illusionist	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{U}{U}, {T}: Target creature phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Weatherlight	58	uncommon	John Matson		
Mischievous Poltergeist	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Pay 1 life: Regenerate Mischievous Poltergeist."	B	B	Weatherlight	74	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Necratog	1BB	3	Creature ? Atog	Exile the top creature card of your graveyard: Necratog gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Weatherlight	76	uncommon	Bryan Talbot		
Hurloon Shaman	1RR	3	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"When Hurloon Shaman dies, each player sacrifices a land."	R	R	Weatherlight	108	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Fallow Wurm	2G	3	Creature ? Wurm	"When Fallow Wurm enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a land card."	G	G	Weatherlight	126	uncommon	Stephen L. Walsh		
Chimeric Sphere	3	3	Artifact	"{2}: Until end of turn, Chimeric Sphere becomes a 2/1 Construct artifact creature with flying.
{2}: Until end of turn, Chimeric Sphere becomes a 3/2 Construct artifact creature and loses flying."			Weatherlight	148	uncommon	Colin MacNeil		
Serrated Biskelion	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: Put a -1/-1 counter on Serrated Biskelion and a -1/-1 counter on target creature.			Weatherlight	156	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Thran Forge	3	3	Artifact	"{2}: Until end of turn, target nonartifact creature gets +1/+0 and becomes an artifact in addition to its other types."			Weatherlight	159	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Knight of Dawn	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
{W}{W}: Knight of Dawn gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Tempest	26	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Soltari Crusader	2W	3	Creature ? Soltari Knight	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
{1}{W}: Soltari Crusader gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Tempest	41	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Fylamarid	1UU	3	Creature ? Squid Beast	"Flying
Fylamarid can't be blocked by blue creatures.
{U}: Target creature becomes blue until end of turn."	U	U	Tempest	64	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Thalakos Dreamsower	2U	3	Creature ? Thalakos Wizard	"Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
You may choose not to untap Thalakos Dreamsower during your untap step.
Whenever Thalakos Dreamsower deals damage to an opponent, tap target creature. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Thalakos Dreamsower remains tapped."	U	U	Tempest	92	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Mindwhip Sliver	2B	3	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""{2}, Sacrifice this permanent: Target player discards a card at random. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."""	B	B	Tempest	145	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Opportunist	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Opportunist deals 1 damage to target creature that was dealt damage this turn.	R	R	Tempest	194	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Ranger en-Vec	1GW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	"First strike
{G}: Regenerate Ranger en-Vec."	W	W	Tempest	268	uncommon	Randy Elliott		
Sky Spirit	1WU	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Tempest	271	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Puppet Strings	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: You may tap or untap target creature."			Tempest	304	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Watchdog	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Hound	"Watchdog blocks each combat if able.
As long as Watchdog is untapped, all creatures attacking you get -1/-0."			Tempest	314	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Calming Licid	2W	3	Creature ? Licid	"{W}, {T}: Calming Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {W} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature can't attack."	W	W	Stronghold	2	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Gliding Licid	2U	3	Creature ? Licid	"{U}, {T}: Gliding Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {U} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature has flying."	U	U	Stronghold	31	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Corrupting Licid	2B	3	Creature ? Licid	"{B}, {T}: Corrupting Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {B} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Stronghold	54	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Dauthi Trapper	2B	3	Creature ? Dauthi Minion	{T}: Target creature gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	B	B	Stronghold	56	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Convulsing Licid	2R	3	Creature ? Licid	"{R}, {T}: Convulsing Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {R} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature can't block."	R	R	Stronghold	77	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Tempting Licid	2G	3	Creature ? Licid	"{G}, {T}: Tempting Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {G} to end this effect.
All creatures able to block enchanted creature do so."	G	G	Stronghold	122	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Heartstone	3	3	Artifact	Activated abilities of creatures cost {1} less to activate. This effect can't reduce the amount of mana an ability costs to activate to less than one mana.			Stronghold	134	uncommon	John Matson		
Spike Cannibal	1BB	3	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Cannibal enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
When Spike Cannibal enters the battlefield, move all +1/+1 counters from all creatures onto it."	B	B	Exodus	75	uncommon	Joel Biske		
Mogg Assassin	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Assassin	"{T}: You choose target creature an opponent controls, and that opponent chooses target creature. Flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy the creature you chose. If you lose the flip, destroy the creature your opponent chose."	R	R	Exodus	88	uncommon	Dermot Power		
Scalding Salamander	2R	3	Creature ? Salamander	"Whenever Scalding Salamander attacks, you may have it deal 1 damage to each creature without flying defending player controls."	R	R	Exodus	100	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Spike Rogue	1GG	3	Creature ? Spike	"Spike Rogue enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Spike Rogue: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
{2}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Put a +1/+1 counter on Spike Rogue."	G	G	Exodus	127	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Medicine Bag	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Discard a card: Regenerate target creature."			Exodus	133	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Transmogrifying Licid	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Licid	"{1}, {T}: Transmogrifying Licid loses this ability and becomes an Aura enchantment with enchant creature. Attach it to target creature. You may pay {1} to end this effect.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and is an artifact in addition to its other types."			Exodus	141	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Mana Leech	2B	3	Creature ? Leech	"You may choose not to untap Mana Leech during your untap step.
{T}: Tap target land. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Mana Leech remains tapped."	B	B	Urza's Saga	141	uncommon	Mark A. Nelson		
Priest of Gix	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Minion	"When Priest of Gix enters the battlefield, add {B}{B}{B}."	B	B	Urza's Saga	150	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Sanguine Guard	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"First strike
{1}{B}: Regenerate Sanguine Guard."	B	B	Urza's Saga	155	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Spined Fluke	2B	3	Creature ? Worm Horror	"When Spined Fluke enters the battlefield, sacrifice a creature.
{B}: Regenerate Spined Fluke."	B	B	Urza's Saga	160	uncommon	Mark A. Nelson		
Destructive Urge	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices a land."	R	R	Urza's Saga	180	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Fire Ants	2R	3	Creature ? Insect	{T}: Fire Ants deals 1 damage to each other creature without flying.	R	R	Urza's Saga	187	uncommon	Tom Fleming		
Guma	2R	3	Creature ? Cat	Protection from blue	R	R	Urza's Saga	197	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Shivan Raptor	2R	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"First strike, haste
Echo {2}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	215	uncommon	Bob Eggleton		
Vug Lizard	1RR	3	Creature ? Lizard	"Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)
Echo {1}{R}{R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	227	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Cradle Guard	1GG	3	Creature ? Treefolk	"Trample
Echo {1}{G}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	245	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Titania's Chosen	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Whenever a player casts a green spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Titania's Chosen."	G	G	Urza's Saga	277	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Treefolk Seedlings	2G	3	Creature ? Treefolk	Treefolk Seedlings's toughness is equal to the number of Forests you control.	G	G	Urza's Saga	278	uncommon	John Matson		
Crystal Chimes	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Crystal Chimes: Return all enchantment cards from your graveyard to your hand."			Urza's Saga	292	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Hopping Automaton	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{0}: Hopping Automaton gets -1/-1 and gains flying until end of turn.			Urza's Saga	297	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Worn Powerstone	3	3	Artifact	"Worn Powerstone enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}{C}."			Urza's Saga	318	uncommon	Henry G. Higginbotham		
Raven Familiar	2U	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Echo {2}{U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Raven Familiar enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	39	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Bone Shredder	2B	3	Creature ? Minion	"Flying
Echo {2}{B} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Bone Shredder enters the battlefield, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	49	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Tethered Skirge	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Whenever Tethered Skirge becomes the target of a spell or ability, you lose 1 life."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	70	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Ghitu Fire-Eater	2R	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	"{T}, Sacrifice Ghitu Fire-Eater: It deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	76	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Viashino Heretic	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino	"{1}{R}, {T}: Destroy target artifact. Viashino Heretic deals damage to that artifact's controller equal to the artifact's converted mana cost."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	95	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Bloated Toad	2G	3	Creature ? Frog	"Protection from blue
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Legacy	97	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Darkwatch Elves	2G	3	Creature ? Elf	"Protection from black
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Legacy	99	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Angel's Trumpet	3	3	Artifact	"All creatures have vigilance.
At the beginning of each player's end step, tap all untapped creatures that player controls that didn't attack this turn. Angel's Trumpet deals damage to the player equal to the number of creatures tapped this way."			Urza's Legacy	121	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Ticking Gnomes	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Gnome	"Echo {3} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
Sacrifice Ticking Gnomes: It deals 1 damage to any target."			Urza's Legacy	136	uncommon	Henry Van Der Linde		
Metathran Elite	1UU	3	Creature ? Metathran Soldier	Metathran Elite can't be blocked as long as it's enchanted.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	38	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Momentum	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a growth counter on Momentum.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each growth counter on Momentum."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	113	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Braidwood Cup	3	3	Artifact	{T}: You gain 1 life.			Urza's Destiny	126	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Brass Secretary	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"{2}, Sacrifice Brass Secretary: Draw a card."			Urza's Destiny	128	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Caltrops	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a creature attacks, Caltrops deals 1 damage to it."			Urza's Destiny	129	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Cho-Arrim Legate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"If an opponent controls a Swamp and you control a Plains, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Protection from black"	W	W	Mercadian Masques	10	uncommon	rk post		
Ignoble Soldier	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Ignoble Soldier becomes blocked, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by it this turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	22	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Ramosian Captain	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"First strike
{5}, {T}: Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 4 or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	35	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Chambered Nautilus	2U	3	Creature ? Nautilus Beast	"Whenever Chambered Nautilus becomes blocked, you may draw a card."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	64	uncommon	John Matson		
False Demise	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	80	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Indentured Djinn	1UU	3	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
When Indentured Djinn enters the battlefield, each other player may draw up to three cards."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	85	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Quagmire Lamprey	2B	3	Creature ? Fish	"Whenever Quagmire Lamprey becomes blocked by a creature, put a -1/-1 counter on that creature."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	154	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Strongarm Thug	2B	3	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"When Strongarm Thug enters the battlefield, you may return target Mercenary card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	165	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Flailing Ogre	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre	"{1}: Flailing Ogre gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.
{1}: Flailing Ogre gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	188	uncommon	Daniel R. Horne		
Robber Fly	2R	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Whenever Robber Fly becomes blocked, defending player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	209	uncommon	John Matson		
Caustic Wasps	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Whenever Caustic Wasps deals combat damage to a player, you may destroy target artifact that player controls."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	234	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Rushwood Legate	2G	3	Creature ? Dryad	"If an opponent controls an Island and you control a Forest, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	266	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Stamina	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has vigilance.
Sacrifice Stamina: Regenerate enchanted creature."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	277	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Barbed Wire	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Barbed Wire deals 1 damage to that player.
{2}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt by Barbed Wire this turn."			Mercadian Masques	287	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Chieftain en-Dal	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Chieftain en-Dal attacks, attacking creatures gain first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Nemesis	4	uncommon	Dany Orizio		
Stronghold Biologist	2U	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{U}{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Counter target creature spell."	U	U	Nemesis	45	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Stronghold Machinist	2U	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{U}{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Counter target noncreature spell."	U	U	Nemesis	46	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Arc Mage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Spellshaper	"{2}{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Arc Mage deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets."	R	R	Nemesis	77	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Coiling Woodworm	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Worm	Coiling Woodworm's power is equal to the number of Forests on the battlefield.	G	G	Nemesis	103	uncommon	David Martin		
Wild Mammoth	2G	3	Creature ? Elephant	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if a player controls more creatures than each other player, the player who controls the most creatures gains control of Wild Mammoth."	G	G	Nemesis	124	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Belbe's Armor	3	3	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Target creature gets -X/+X until end of turn."			Nemesis	126	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Flowstone Armor	3	3	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Flowstone Armor during your untap step.
{3}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/-1 for as long as Flowstone Armor remains tapped."			Nemesis	131	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Rejuvenation Chamber	3	3	Artifact	"Fading 2 (This artifact enters the battlefield with two fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
{T}: You gain 2 life."			Nemesis	137	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Glittering Lion	2W	3	Creature ? Cat	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Glittering Lion.
{3}: Until end of turn, Glittering Lion loses ""Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Glittering Lion."" Any player may activate this ability."	W	W	Prophecy	10	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Shield Dancer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Rebel	"{2}{W}: The next time target attacking creature would deal combat damage to Shield Dancer this turn, that creature deals that damage to itself instead."	W	W	Prophecy	23	uncommon	Mike Ploog		
Quicksilver Wall	2U	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{4}: Return Quicksilver Wall to its owner's hand. Any player may activate this ability."	U	U	Prophecy	41	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Chilling Apparition	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{B}: Regenerate Chilling Apparition.
Whenever Chilling Apparition deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Prophecy	59	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Noxious Field	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: This land deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."""	B	B	Prophecy	70	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Wall of Vipers	2B	3	Creature ? Snake Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{3}: Destroy Wall of Vipers and target creature it's blocking. Any player may activate this ability."	B	B	Prophecy	80	uncommon	Marc Fishman		
Keldon Arsonist	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}, Sacrifice two lands: Destroy target land."	R	R	Prophecy	92	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Verdant Field	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."""	G	G	Prophecy	130	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Chimeric Idol	3	3	Artifact	{0}: Tap all lands you control. Chimeric Idol becomes a 3/3 Turtle artifact creature until end of turn.			Prophecy	136	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Benalish Emissary	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{G} (You may pay an additional {1}{G} as you cast this spell.)
When Benalish Emissary enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target land."	W	W	Invasion	5	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Metathran Transport	1UU	3	Creature ? Metathran	"Flying
Metathran Transport can't be blocked by blue creatures.
{U}: Target creature becomes blue until end of turn."	U	U	Invasion	62	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Tolarian Emissary	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{W} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Tolarian Emissary enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target enchantment."	U	W	Invasion	81	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Plague Spitter	2B	3	Creature ? Horror	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Plague Spitter deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.
When Plague Spitter dies, Plague Spitter deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Invasion	119	uncommon	Chippy		
Urborg Emissary	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} as you cast this spell.)
When Urborg Emissary enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, return target permanent to its owner's hand."	B	U	Invasion	131	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Shivan Emissary	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{B} (You may pay an additional {1}{B} as you cast this spell.)
When Shivan Emissary enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	R	R	Invasion	166	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Verduran Emissary	2G	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {1}{R} (You may pay an additional {1}{R} as you cast this spell.)
When Verduran Emissary enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target artifact. It can't be regenerated."	G	R	Invasion	221	uncommon	Alton Lawson		
Cinder Shade	1BR	3	Creature ? Shade	"{B}: Cinder Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{R}, Sacrifice Cinder Shade: It deals damage equal to its power to target creature."	R	R	Invasion	240	uncommon	Nelson DeCastro		
Hunting Kavu	1RG	3	Creature ? Kavu	"{1}{R}{G}, {T}: Exile Hunting Kavu and target creature without flying that's attacking you."	R	R	Invasion	252	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Cadaverous Bloom	3BG	5	Enchantment	Exile a card from your hand: Add {B}{B} or {G}{G}.	B	B	Mirage	258	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Malignant Growth	3GU	5	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a growth counter on Malignant Growth.
At the beginning of each opponent's draw step, that player draws an additional card for each growth counter on Malignant Growth, then Malignant Growth deals damage to the player equal to the number of cards they drew this way."	U	U	Mirage	272	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Purgatory	2WB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, exile that card.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {4} and 2 life. If you do, return a card exiled with Purgatory to the battlefield."	W	W	Mirage	275	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Spatial Binding	UB	2	Enchantment	"Pay 1 life: Until your next upkeep, target permanent can't phase out."	U	U	Mirage	284	uncommon	Dom!		
Dream Tides	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may choose any number of tapped nongreen creatures they control and pay {2} for each creature chosen this way. If the player does, untap those creatures."	U	U	Visions	31	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Flooded Shoreline	UU	2	Enchantment	"{U}{U}, Return two Islands you control to their owner's hand: Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Visions	32	rare	Romas Kukalis		
Lightning Cloud	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a red spell, you may pay {R}. If you do, Lightning Cloud deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Visions	87	rare	John Matson		
Elephant Grass	G	1	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Black creatures can't attack you.
Nonblack creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays {2} for each creature they control that's attacking you."	G	G	Visions	104	uncommon	Tony Roberts		
Rowen	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Reveal the first card you draw each turn. Whenever you reveal a basic land card this way, draw a card."	G	G	Visions	119	rare	Jon J Muth		
Breathstealer's Crypt	2UB	4	Enchantment	"If a player would draw a card, instead they draw a card and reveal it. If it's a creature card, that player discards it unless they pay 3 life."	U	U	Visions	127	rare	Blackie del Rio		
Squandered Resources	BG	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice a land: Add one mana of any type the sacrificed land could produce.	G	G	Visions	137	rare	Romas Kukalis		
Suleiman's Legacy	RW	2	Enchantment	"When Suleiman's Legacy enters the battlefield, destroy all Djinns and Efreets. They can't be regenerated.
Whenever a Djinn or Efreet enters the battlefield, destroy it. It can't be regenerated."	W	W	Visions	138	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Serenity	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy all artifacts and enchantments. They can't be regenerated."	W	W	Weatherlight	24	rare	Cliff Nielsen		
Ancestral Knowledge	1U	2	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Ancestral Knowledge enters the battlefield, look at the top ten cards of your library, then exile any number of them and put the rest back on top of your library in any order.
When Ancestral Knowledge leaves the battlefield, shuffle your library."	U	U	Weatherlight	32	rare	Colin MacNeil		
Pendrell Mists	3U	4	Enchantment	"All creatures have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature unless you pay {1}."""	U	U	Weatherlight	47	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Psychic Vortex	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep?Draw a card. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice a land and discard your hand."	U	U	Weatherlight	50	rare	Steve Luke		
Teferi's Veil	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, it phases out at end of combat. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before you untap during your next untap step.)"	U	U	Weatherlight	53	uncommon	Brom		
Festering Evil	3BB	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Festering Evil deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.
{B}{B}, Sacrifice Festering Evil: It deals 3 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Weatherlight	68	uncommon	John Matson		
Strands of Night	2BB	4	Enchantment	"{B}{B}, Pay 2 life, Sacrifice a Swamp: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Weatherlight	82	uncommon	Patrick Kochakji		
Aether Flash	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, Aether Flash deals 2 damage to it."	R	R	Weatherlight	88	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Goblin Bomb	1R	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may flip a coin. If you win the flip, put a fuse counter on Goblin Bomb. If you lose the flip, remove a fuse counter from Goblin Bomb.
Remove five fuse counters from Goblin Bomb and sacrifice it: It deals 20 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Weatherlight	103	rare	Ron Spencer		
Heart of Bogardan	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When a player doesn't pay Heart of Bogardan's cumulative upkeep, Heart of Bogardan deals X damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls, where X is twice the number of age counters on Heart of Bogardan minus 2."	R	R	Weatherlight	106	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Tranquil Grove	1G	2	Enchantment	{1}{G}{G}: Destroy all other enchantments.	G	G	Weatherlight	142	rare	Dylan Martens		
Field of Souls	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Tempest	18	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Gerrard's Battle Cry	W	1	Enchantment	{2}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Tempest	21	rare	Val Mayerik		
Light of Day	3W	4	Enchantment	Black creatures can't attack or block.	W	W	Tempest	27	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Pegasus Refuge	3W	4	Enchantment	"{2}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 white Pegasus creature token with flying."	W	W	Tempest	35	rare	Kev Walker		
Safeguard	3WW	5	Enchantment	{2}{W}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target creature this turn.	W	W	Tempest	39	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Spirit Mirror	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are no Reflection tokens on the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Reflection creature token.
{0}: Destroy target Reflection."	W	W	Tempest	48	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Warmth	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a red spell, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Tempest	51	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Chill	1U	2	Enchantment	Red spells cost {2} more to cast.	U	U	Tempest	56	uncommon	Greg Simanson		
Duplicity	3UU	5	Enchantment	"When Duplicity enters the battlefield, exile the top five cards of your library face down.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile all cards from your hand face down. If you do, put all other cards you own exiled with Duplicity into your hand.
At the beginning of your end step, discard a card.
When you lose control of Duplicity, put all cards exiled with Duplicity into their owner's graveyard."	U	U	Tempest	60	rare	Dan Frazier		
Legacy's Allure	UU	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a treasure counter on Legacy's Allure.
Sacrifice Legacy's Allure: Gain control of target creature with power less than or equal to the number of treasure counters on Legacy's Allure. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Tempest	71	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Precognition	4U	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top card of target opponent's library. If you do, you may put that card on the bottom of that player's library."	U	U	Tempest	79	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Dread of Night	B	1	Enchantment	White creatures get -1/-1.	B	B	Tempest	130	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Fevered Convulsions	BB	2	Enchantment	{2}{B}{B}: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.	B	B	Tempest	136	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Sarcomancy	B	1	Enchantment	"When Sarcomancy enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are no Zombies on the battlefield, Sarcomancy deals 1 damage to you."	B	B	Tempest	154	rare	Daren Bader		
Goblin Bombardment	1R	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice a creature: Goblin Bombardment deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Tempest	179	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Havoc	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a white spell, they lose 2 life."	R	R	Tempest	181	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
No Quarter	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature becomes blocked by a creature with lesser power, destroy the blocking creature.
Whenever a creature blocks a creature with lesser power, destroy the attacking creature."	R	R	Tempest	193	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Tooth and Claw	3R	4	Enchantment	Sacrifice two creatures: Create a 3/1 red Beast creature token named Carnivore.	R	R	Tempest	210	rare	Val Mayerik		
Aluren	2GG	4	Enchantment	Any player may cast creature spells with converted mana cost 3 or less without paying their mana cost and as though they had flash.	G	G	Tempest	213	rare	April Lee		
Eladamri's Vineyard	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's precombat main phase, that player adds {G}{G}."	G	G	Tempest	223	rare	Ron Chironna		
Mirri's Guile	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	G	G	Tempest	236	rare	Brom		
Nature's Revolt	3GG	5	Enchantment	All lands are 2/2 creatures that are still lands.	G	G	Tempest	240	rare	Donato Giancola		
Recycle	4GG	6	Enchantment	"Skip your draw step.
Whenever you play a card, draw a card.
Your maximum hand size is two."	G	G	Tempest	248	rare	Phil Foglio		
Storm Front	G	1	Enchantment	{G}{G}: Tap target creature with flying.	G	G	Tempest	259	uncommon	William O'Connor		
Pursuit of Knowledge	3W	4	Enchantment	"If you would draw a card, you may put a study counter on Pursuit of Knowledge instead.
Remove three study counters from Pursuit of Knowledge, Sacrifice Pursuit of Knowledge: Draw seven cards."	W	W	Stronghold	10	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Dream Halls	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Rather than pay the mana cost for a spell, its controller may discard a card that shares a color with that spell."	U	U	Stronghold	28	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Hesitation	1U	2	Enchantment	"When a player casts a spell, sacrifice Hesitation and counter that spell."	U	U	Stronghold	33	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Mortuary	3B	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put that card on top of your library."	B	B	Stronghold	66	rare	Robert Bliss		
Amok	1R	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Discard a card at random: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	R	R	Stronghold	76	rare	Dermot Power		
Heat of Battle	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature blocks, Heat of Battle deals 1 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Stronghold	88	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Awakening	2GG	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, untap all creatures and lands."	G	G	Stronghold	101	rare	Dan Frazier		
Burgeoning	G	1	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent plays a land, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Stronghold	102	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Volrath's Gardens	1G	2	Enchantment	"{2}, Tap an untapped creature you control: You gain 2 life. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	G	G	Stronghold	124	rare	Rob Alexander		
Convalescence	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have 10 or less life, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Exodus	5	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Oath of Lieges	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses target player who controls more lands than they do and is their opponent. The first player may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library."	W	W	Exodus	11	rare	Mark Zug		
Reconnaissance	W	1	Enchantment	{0}: Remove target attacking creature you control from combat and untap it.	W	W	Exodus	17	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Mind Over Matter	2UUUU	6	Enchantment	"Discard a card: You may tap or untap target artifact, creature, or land."	U	U	Exodus	40	rare	Keith Parkinson		
Oath of Scholars	3U	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses target player who has more cards in hand than they do and is their opponent. The first player may discard their hand and draw three cards."	U	U	Exodus	42	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Oath of Ghouls	1B	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses target player whose graveyard has fewer creature cards in it than their graveyard does and is their opponent. The first player may return a creature card from their graveyard to their hand."	B	B	Exodus	69	rare	Brom		
Volrath's Dungeon	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Pay 5 life: Destroy Volrath's Dungeon. Any player may activate this ability but only during their turn.
Discard a card: Target player puts a card from their hand on top of their library. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Exodus	78	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Oath of Mages	1R	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses target player who has more life than they do and is their opponent. The first player may have Oath of Mages deal 1 damage to the second player."	R	R	Exodus	90	rare	Keith Parkinson		
Elven Palisade	G	1	Enchantment	Sacrifice a Forest: Target attacking creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn.	G	G	Exodus	109	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Manabond	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, you may reveal your hand and put all land cards from it onto the battlefield. If you do, discard your hand."	G	G	Exodus	113	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Song of Serenity	1G	2	Enchantment	Creatures that are enchanted can't attack or block.	G	G	Exodus	125	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Absolute Grace	1W	2	Enchantment	All creatures have protection from black.	W	W	Urza's Saga	1	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Absolute Law	1W	2	Enchantment	All creatures have protection from red.	W	W	Urza's Saga	2	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Defensive Formation	W	1	Enchantment	"Rather than the attacking player, you assign the combat damage of each creature attacking you. You can divide that creature's combat damage as you choose among any of the creatures blocking it."	W	W	Urza's Saga	9	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Opal Archangel	4W	5	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Archangel is an enchantment, Opal Archangel becomes a 5/5 Angel creature with flying and vigilance."	W	W	Urza's Saga	23	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Opal Titan	2WW	4	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Titan is an enchantment, Opal Titan becomes a 4/4 Giant creature with protection from each of that spell's colors."	W	W	Urza's Saga	26	rare	Paolo Parente		
Remembrance	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, you may search your library for a card with the same name as that creature, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library."	W	W	Urza's Saga	34	rare	Val Mayerik		
Rune of Protection: Artifacts	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time an artifact source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	35	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Rune of Protection: Lands	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time a land source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	39	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Serra's Hymn	W	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Serra's Hymn.
Sacrifice Serra's Hymn: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt this turn to any number of targets, divided as you choose, where X is the number of verse counters on Serra's Hymn."	W	W	Urza's Saga	48	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Serra's Liturgy	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Serra's Liturgy.
{W}, Sacrifice Serra's Liturgy: Destroy up to X target artifacts and/or enchantments, where X is the number of verse counters on Serra's Liturgy."	W	W	Urza's Saga	49	rare	rk post		
Energy Field	1U	2	Enchantment	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you by sources you don't control.
When a card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, sacrifice Energy Field."	U	U	Urza's Saga	73	rare	John Matson		
Lilting Refrain	1U	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Lilting Refrain.
Sacrifice Lilting Refrain: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}, where X is the number of verse counters on Lilting Refrain."	U	U	Urza's Saga	83	uncommon	Berry		
Recantation	3UU	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Recantation.
{U}, Sacrifice Recantation: Return up to X target permanents to their owners' hands, where X is the number of verse counters on Recantation."	U	U	Urza's Saga	91	rare	Greg Simanson		
Veiled Apparition	1U	2	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a spell, if Veiled Apparition is an enchantment, Veiled Apparition becomes a 3/3 Illusion creature with flying and ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Veiled Apparition unless you pay {1}{U}."""	U	U	Urza's Saga	107	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Veiled Sentry	U	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a spell, if Veiled Sentry is an enchantment, Veiled Sentry becomes an Illusion creature with power and toughness each equal to that spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Urza's Saga	109	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Bereavement	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a green creature dies, its controller discards a card."	B	B	Urza's Saga	117	uncommon	Andrew Goldhawk		
Darkest Hour	B	1	Enchantment	All creatures are black.	B	B	Urza's Saga	128	rare	Heather Hudson		
Diabolic Servitude	3B	4	Enchantment	"When Diabolic Servitude enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
When the creature put onto the battlefield with Diabolic Servitude dies, exile it and return Diabolic Servitude to its owner's hand.
When Diabolic Servitude leaves the battlefield, exile the creature put onto the battlefield with Diabolic Servitude."	B	B	Urza's Saga	130	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Discordant Dirge	3BB	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Discordant Dirge.
{B}, Sacrifice Discordant Dirge: Look at target opponent's hand and choose up to X cards from it, where X is the number of verse counters on Discordant Dirge. That player discards those cards."	B	B	Urza's Saga	131	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Planar Void	B	1	Enchantment	"Whenever another card is put into a graveyard from anywhere, exile that card."	B	B	Urza's Saga	149	uncommon	Andrew Goldhawk		
Tainted Aether	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, its controller sacrifices a creature or land."	B	B	Urza's Saga	161	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Vile Requiem	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Vile Requiem.
{1}{B}, Sacrifice Vile Requiem: Destroy up to X target nonblack creatures, where X is the number of verse counters on Vile Requiem. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Urza's Saga	167	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Yawgmoth's Edict	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a white spell, that player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Urza's Saga	170	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Antagonism	3R	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, Antagonism deals 2 damage to that player unless one of their opponents was dealt damage this turn."	R	R	Urza's Saga	173	rare	Donato Giancola		
Bedlam	2RR	4	Enchantment	Creatures can't block.	R	R	Urza's Saga	175	rare	Mike Raabe		
Bulwark	3RR	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Bulwark deals X damage to target opponent, where X is the number of cards in your hand minus the number of cards in that player's hand."	R	R	Urza's Saga	178	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Rumbling Crescendo	3RR	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Rumbling Crescendo.
{R}, Sacrifice Rumbling Crescendo: Destroy up to X target lands, where X is the number of verse counters on Rumbling Crescendo."	R	R	Urza's Saga	210	rare	Lawrence Snelly		
Scald	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps an Island for mana, Scald deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Urza's Saga	211	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Sneak Attack	3R	4	Enchantment	{R}: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Sacrifice the creature at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Urza's Saga	218	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Sulfuric Vapors	3R	4	Enchantment	"If a red spell would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 1 to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Urza's Saga	220	rare	Lawrence Snelly		
Carpet of Flowers	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each of your main phases, if you haven't added mana with this ability this turn, you may add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of Islands target opponent controls."	G	G	Urza's Saga	240	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Crosswinds	1G	2	Enchantment	Creatures with flying get -2/-0.	G	G	Urza's Saga	246	uncommon	Randy Elliott		
Exploration	G	1	Enchantment	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.	G	G	Urza's Saga	250	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Hidden Ancients	1G	2	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts an enchantment spell, if Hidden Ancients is an enchantment, Hidden Ancients becomes a 5/5 Treefolk creature."	G	G	Urza's Saga	260	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Hidden Guerrillas	G	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts an artifact spell, if Hidden Guerrillas is an enchantment, Hidden Guerrillas becomes a 5/3 Soldier creature with trample."	G	G	Urza's Saga	261	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Hidden Herd	G	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent plays a nonbasic land, if Hidden Herd is an enchantment, Hidden Herd becomes a 3/3 Beast creature."	G	G	Urza's Saga	262	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Hidden Predators	G	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent controls a creature with power 4 or greater, if Hidden Predators is an enchantment, Hidden Predators becomes a 4/4 Beast creature."	G	G	Urza's Saga	263	rare	John Matson		
Hidden Stag	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent plays a land, if Hidden Stag is an enchantment, Hidden Stag becomes a 3/2 Elk Beast creature.
Whenever you play a land, if Hidden Stag is a creature, Hidden Stag becomes an enchantment."	G	G	Urza's Saga	265	rare	Berry		
Midsummer Revel	3GG	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Midsummer Revel.
{G}, Sacrifice Midsummer Revel: Create X 3/3 green Beast creature tokens, where X is the number of verse counters on Midsummer Revel."	G	G	Urza's Saga	268	rare	Steve Firchow		
Sporogenesis	3G	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a fungus counter on target nontoken creature.
Whenever a creature with a fungus counter on it dies, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each fungus counter on that creature.
When Sporogenesis leaves the battlefield, remove all fungus counters from all creatures."	G	G	Urza's Saga	273	rare	Ron Spencer		
War Dance	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on War Dance.
Sacrifice War Dance: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of verse counters on War Dance."	G	G	Urza's Saga	282	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Planar Collapse	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more creatures on the battlefield, sacrifice Planar Collapse and destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	18	rare	Mark Zug		
Delusions of Mediocrity	3U	4	Enchantment	"When Delusions of Mediocrity enters the battlefield, you gain 10 life.
When Delusions of Mediocrity leaves the battlefield, you lose 10 life."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	30	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Brink of Madness	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have no cards in hand, sacrifice Brink of Madness and target opponent discards their hand."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	50	rare	Donato Giancola		
Lurking Skirge	1B	2	Enchantment	"When a creature is put into an opponent's graveyard from the battlefield, if Lurking Skirge is an enchantment, Lurking Skirge becomes a 3/2 Imp creature with flying."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	55	rare	Daren Bader		
No Mercy	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature deals damage to you, destroy it."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	56	rare	Mark Tedin		
Phyrexian Reclamation	B	1	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Pay 2 life: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	63	uncommon	rk post		
Subversion	3BB	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	68	rare	Rob Alexander		
Impending Disaster	1R	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are seven or more lands on the battlefield, sacrifice Impending Disaster and destroy all lands."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	82	rare	Pete Venters		
Pyromancy	2RR	4	Enchantment	"{3}, Discard a card at random: Pyromancy deals damage to any target equal to the converted mana cost of the discarded card."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	88	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Defense of the Heart	3G	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if an opponent controls three or more creatures, sacrifice Defense of the Heart, search your library for up to two creature cards, and put those cards onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	100	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Hidden Gibbons	G	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts an instant spell, if Hidden Gibbons is an enchantment, Hidden Gibbons becomes a 4/4 Ape creature."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	104	rare	Una Fricker		
Multani's Presence	G	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a spell you've cast is countered, draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	109	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Opalescence	2WW	4	Enchantment	Each other non-Aura enchantment is a creature in addition to its other types and has base power and base toughness each equal to its converted mana cost.	W	W	Urza's Destiny	13	rare	John Avon		
Opposition	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Tap an untapped creature you control: Tap target artifact, creature, or land."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	40	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Carnival of Souls	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life and add {B}."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	55	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Lurking Jackals	B	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent has 10 or less life, if Lurking Jackals is an enchantment, it becomes a 3/2 Jackal creature."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	62	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Aether Sting	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a creature spell, Aether Sting deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	76	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Goblin Festival	1R	2	Enchantment	"{2}: Goblin Festival deals 1 damage to any target. Flip a coin. If you lose the flip, choose one of your opponents. That player gains control of Goblin Festival."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	83	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Compost	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a black card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, you may draw a card."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	102	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Security Detail	3W	4	Enchantment	{W}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token. Activate this ability only if you control no creatures and only once each turn.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	47	rare	Val Mayerik		
Spiritual Focus	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard a card, you gain 2 life and you may draw a card."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	49	rare	Andrew Goldhawk		
Customs Depot	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	71	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Embargo	3U	4	Enchantment	"Nonland permanents don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	77	rare	Nelson DeCastro		
Soothsaying	U	1	Enchantment	"{3}{U}{U}: Shuffle your library.
{X}: Look at the top X cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	104	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Squeeze	3U	4	Enchantment	Sorcery spells cost {3} more to cast.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	105	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Statecraft	3U	4	Enchantment	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by creatures you control.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	106	rare	Mike Ploog		
Black Market	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, put a charge counter on Black Market.
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, add {B} for each charge counter on Black Market."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	116	rare	Jeff Easley		
Intimidation	2BBB	5	Enchantment	Creatures you control have fear. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Mercadian Masques	142	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Putrefaction	4B	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a green or white spell, that player discards a card."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	153	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Close Quarters	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, Close Quarters deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	184	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Kyren Negotiations	2RR	4	Enchantment	Tap an untapped creature you control: Kyren Negotiations deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	198	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Territorial Dispute	4RR	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Territorial Dispute unless you sacrifice a land.
Players can't play lands."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	217	rare	Mike Ploog		
Foster	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control dies, you may pay {1}. If you do, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest into your graveyard."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	247	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Ley Line	3G	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature of their choice."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	256	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Snake Pit	3G	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a blue or black spell, you may create a 1/1 green Snake creature token."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	271	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Sustenance	1G	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Sacrifice a land: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	278	uncommon	Qiao Dafu		
Vernal Equinox	3G	4	Enchantment	Any player may cast creature and enchantment spells as though they had flash.	G	G	Mercadian Masques	283	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Noble Stand	4W	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control blocks, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Nemesis	14	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Parallax Wave	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Fading 5 (This enchantment enters the battlefield with five fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Parallax Wave: Exile target creature.
When Parallax Wave leaves the battlefield, each player returns to the battlefield all cards they own exiled with Parallax Wave."	W	W	Nemesis	17	rare	Greg Staples		
Spiritual Asylum	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Creatures and lands you control have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)
When a creature you control attacks, sacrifice Spiritual Asylum."	W	W	Nemesis	23	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Parallax Tide	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Fading 5 (This enchantment enters the battlefield with five fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Parallax Tide: Exile target land.
When Parallax Tide leaves the battlefield, each player returns to the battlefield all cards they own exiled with Parallax Tide."	U	U	Nemesis	37	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Rising Waters	3U	4	Enchantment	"Lands don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player untaps a land they control."	U	U	Nemesis	38	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Flowstone Surge	1R	2	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +1/-1.	R	R	Nemesis	85	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Overlaid Terrain	2GG	4	Enchantment	"As Overlaid Terrain enters the battlefield, sacrifice all lands you control.
Lands you control have ""{T}: Add two mana of any one color."""	G	G	Nemesis	108	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Saproling Burst	4G	5	Enchantment	"Fading 7 (This enchantment enters the battlefield with seven fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Saproling Burst: Create a green Saproling creature token. It has ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of fade counters on Saproling Burst.""
When Saproling Burst leaves the battlefield, destroy all tokens created with Saproling Burst. They can't be regenerated."	G	G	Nemesis	113	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Saproling Cluster	1G	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token. Any player may activate this ability."	G	G	Nemesis	114	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Celestial Convergence	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Celestial Convergence enters the battlefield with seven omen counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove an omen counter from Celestial Convergence. If there are no omen counters on Celestial Convergence, the player with the highest life total wins the game. If two or more players are tied for highest life total, the game is a draw."	W	W	Prophecy	5	rare	Ray Lago		
Sheltering Prayers	W	1	Enchantment	Basic lands each player controls have shroud as long as that player controls three or fewer lands. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)	W	W	Prophecy	22	rare	Nelson DeCastro		
Excavation	1U	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Sacrifice a land: Draw a card. Any player may activate this ability."	U	U	Prophecy	33	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Heightened Awareness	3UU	5	Enchantment	"As Heightened Awareness enters the battlefield, discard your hand.
At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card."	U	U	Prophecy	37	rare	Pete Venters		
Overburden	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player puts a nontoken creature onto the battlefield, that player returns a land they control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Prophecy	39	rare	John Matson		
Infernal Genesis	4BB	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. Then they create X 1/1 black Minion creature tokens, where X is that card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Prophecy	68	rare	Ron Spencer		
Brutal Suppression	R	1	Enchantment	"Activated abilities of nontoken Rebels cost an additional ""Sacrifice a land"" to activate."	R	R	Prophecy	85	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Dual Nature	4GG	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield, its controller creates a token that's a copy of that creature.
Whenever a nontoken creature leaves the battlefield, exile all tokens with the same name as that creature.
When Dual Nature leaves the battlefield, exile all tokens created with Dual Nature."	G	G	Prophecy	112	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Forgotten Harvest	1G	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile a land card from your graveyard. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Prophecy	114	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Root Cage	1G	2	Enchantment	Mercenaries don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.	G	G	Prophecy	122	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Fight or Flight	3W	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on each opponent's turn, separate all creatures that player controls into two piles. Only creatures in the pile of their choice can attack this turn."	W	W	Invasion	16	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Harsh Judgment	2WW	4	Enchantment	"As Harsh Judgment enters the battlefield, choose a color.
If an instant or sorcery spell of the chosen color would deal damage to you, it deals that damage to its controller instead."	W	W	Invasion	19	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Collective Restraint	3U	4	Enchantment	"Domain ? Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays {X} for each creature they control that's attacking you, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control."	U	U	Invasion	49	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Mana Maze	1U	2	Enchantment	Players can't cast spells that share a color with the spell most recently cast this turn.	U	U	Invasion	59	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Psychic Battle	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a player chooses one or more targets, each player reveals the top card of their library. The player who reveals the card with the highest converted mana cost may change the target or targets. If two or more cards are tied for highest cost, the target or targets remain unchanged. Changing targets this way doesn't trigger abilities of permanents named Psychic Battle."	U	U	Invasion	68	rare	Ray Lago		
Temporal Distortion	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature or land becomes tapped, put an hourglass counter on it.
Each permanent with an hourglass counter on it doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, remove all hourglass counters from permanents that player controls."	U	U	Invasion	79	rare	Stephanie Law		
Spreading Plague	4B	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, destroy all other creatures that share a color with it. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Invasion	125	rare	Scott Bailey		
Yawgmoth's Agenda	3BB	5	Enchantment	"You can't cast more than one spell each turn.
You may play cards from your graveyard.
If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead."	B	B	Invasion	135	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Collapsing Borders	3R	4	Enchantment	"Domain ? At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player gains 1 life for each basic land type among lands they control. Then Collapsing Borders deals 3 damage to that player."	R	R	Invasion	141	rare	Glen Angus		
Shivan Harvest	1R	2	Enchantment	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target nonbasic land."	R	R	Invasion	167	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Stand or Fall	3R	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, separate all creatures defending player controls into two piles. Only creatures in the pile of that player's choice can block this turn."	R	R	Invasion	171	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Elfhame Sanctuary	1G	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. If you do, you skip your draw step this turn and shuffle your library."	G	G	Invasion	185	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Pulse of Llanowar	3G	4	Enchantment	"If a basic land you control is tapped for mana, it produces mana of a color of your choice instead of any other type."	G	G	Invasion	202	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Saproling Infestation	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player kicks a spell, you create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Invasion	208	rare	Heather Hudson		
Angelic Shield	WU	2	Enchantment	"Creatures you control get +0/+1.
Sacrifice Angelic Shield: Return target creature to its owner's hand."	W	W	Invasion	228	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Meteor Storm	RG	2	Enchantment	"{2}{R}{G}, Discard two cards at random: Meteor Storm deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Invasion	256	rare	John Avon		
Reckless Assault	2BR	4	Enchantment	"{1}, Pay 2 life: Reckless Assault deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Invasion	263	rare	Jeff Easley		
Seer's Vision	2UB	4	Enchantment	"Your opponents play with their hands revealed.
Sacrifice Seer's Vision: Look at target player's hand and choose a card from it. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Invasion	270	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Smoldering Tar	2BR	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target player loses 1 life.
Sacrifice Smoldering Tar: It deals 4 damage to target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Invasion	275	uncommon	David Day		
Sterling Grove	GW	2	Enchantment	"Other enchantments you control have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)
{1}, Sacrifice Sterling Grove: Search your library for an enchantment card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it."	W	W	Invasion	278	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Dark Suspicions	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, that player loses X life, where X is the number of cards in that player's hand minus the number of cards in your hand."	B	B	Planeshift	40	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Cloud Cover	2WU	4	Enchantment	"Whenever another permanent you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you may return that permanent to its owner's hand."	W	W	Planeshift	98	rare	Marc Fishman		
Natural Emergence	2RG	4	Enchantment	"When Natural Emergence enters the battlefield, return a red or green enchantment you control to its owner's hand.
Lands you control are 2/2 creatures with first strike. They're still lands."	R	R	Planeshift	117	rare	Heather Hudson		
Diversionary Tactics	3W	4	Enchantment	Tap two untapped creatures you control: Tap target creature.	W	W	Apocalypse	7	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Ice Cave	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, any other player may pay that spell's mana cost. If a player does, counter the spell. (Mana cost includes color.)"	U	U	Apocalypse	24	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Unnatural Selection	1U	2	Enchantment	{1}: Choose a creature type other than Wall. Target creature becomes that type until end of turn.	U	U	Apocalypse	32	rare	Kev Walker		
Fervent Charge	1RWB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Apocalypse	98	rare	Mark Tedin		
Martyrs' Tomb	2WB	4	Enchantment	Pay 2 life: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.	W	W	Apocalypse	110	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Powerstone Minefield	2RW	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks or blocks, Powerstone Minefield deals 2 damage to it."	W	W	Apocalypse	115	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Aegis of Honor	W	1	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time an instant or sorcery spell would deal damage to you this turn, that spell deals that damage to its controller instead."	W	W	Odyssey	1	rare	Ron Spears		
Delaying Shield	3W	4	Enchantment	"If damage would be dealt to you, put that many delay counters on Delaying Shield instead.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove all delay counters from Delaying Shield. For each delay counter removed this way, you lose 1 life unless you pay {1}{W}."	W	W	Odyssey	17	rare	Luca Zontini		
Earnest Fellowship	1W	2	Enchantment	Each creature has protection from its colors.	W	W	Odyssey	21	rare	Heather Hudson		
Sphere of Duty	3W	4	Enchantment	"If a green source would deal damage to you, prevent 2 of that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	48	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Sphere of Grace	3W	4	Enchantment	"If a black source would deal damage to you, prevent 2 of that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	49	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Sphere of Law	3W	4	Enchantment	"If a red source would deal damage to you, prevent 2 of that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	50	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Sphere of Reason	3W	4	Enchantment	"If a blue source would deal damage to you, prevent 2 of that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	51	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Sphere of Truth	3W	4	Enchantment	"If a white source would deal damage to you, prevent 2 of that damage."	W	W	Odyssey	52	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Testament of Faith	W	1	Enchantment	{X}: Testament of Faith becomes an X/X Wall creature with defender in addition to its other types until end of turn.	W	W	Odyssey	55	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Pedantic Learning	UU	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a land card is put into your graveyard from your library, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	90	rare	Heather Hudson		
Standstill	1U	2	Enchantment	"When a player casts a spell, sacrifice Standstill. If you do, each of that player's opponents draws three cards."	U	U	Odyssey	102	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Unifying Theory	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, that player may pay {2}. If the player does, they draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	112	rare	Ron Spears		
Nefarious Lich	BBBB	4	Enchantment	"If damage would be dealt to you, exile that many cards from your graveyard instead. If you can't, you lose the game.
If you would gain life, draw that many cards instead.
When Nefarious Lich leaves the battlefield, you lose the game."	B	B	Odyssey	153	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Screams of the Damned	3BB	5	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Exile a card from your graveyard: Screams of the Damned deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Odyssey	160	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Battle Strain	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature blocks, Battle Strain deals 1 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Odyssey	177	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Burning Sands	3RR	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, that creature's controller sacrifices a land."	R	R	Odyssey	180	rare	Ron Spencer		
Chance Encounter	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you win a coin flip, put a luck counter on Chance Encounter.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Chance Encounter has ten or more luck counters on it, you win the game."	R	R	Odyssey	182	rare	Mark Brill		
Impulsive Maneuvers	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks, flip a coin. If you win the flip, the next time that creature would deal combat damage this turn, it deals double that damage instead. If you lose the flip, the next time that creature would deal combat damage this turn, prevent that damage."	R	R	Odyssey	197	rare	Dave Dorman		
Need for Speed	R	1	Enchantment	Sacrifice a land: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Odyssey	209	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Verdant Succession	4G	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a green nontoken creature dies, that creature's controller may search their library for a card with the same name as that creature and put it onto the battlefield. If that player does, they shuffle their library."	G	G	Odyssey	280	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Hypochondria	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}, Discard a card: Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{W}, Sacrifice Hypochondria: Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Torment	7	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Transcendence	3WWW	6	Enchantment	"You don't lose the game for having 0 or less life.
When you have 20 or more life, you lose the game.
Whenever you lose life, you gain 2 life for each 1 life you lost. (Damage dealt to you causes you to lose life.)"	W	W	Torment	20	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Compulsion	1U	2	Enchantment	"{1}{U}, Discard a card: Draw a card.
{1}{U}, Sacrifice Compulsion: Draw a card."	U	U	Torment	34	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Dawn of the Dead	2BBB	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste until end of turn. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Torment	59	rare	Pete Venters		
Last Laugh	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a permanent other than Last Laugh is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Last Laugh deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.
When no creatures are on the battlefield, sacrifice Last Laugh."	B	B	Torment	68	rare	John Matson		
Soulcatchers' Aerie	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a Bird is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a feather counter on Soulcatchers' Aerie.
Bird creatures get +1/+1 for each feather counter on Soulcatchers' Aerie."	W	W	Judgment	25	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Test of Endurance	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have 50 or more life, you win the game."	W	W	Judgment	29	rare	Mike Ploog		
Mist of Stagnation	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Permanents don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses a permanent for each card in their graveyard, then untaps those permanents."	U	U	Judgment	48	rare	Mike Ploog		
Telekinetic Bonds	2UUU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a player discards a card, you may pay {1}{U}. If you do, you may tap or untap target permanent."	U	U	Judgment	52	rare	Jim Nelson		
Epic Struggle	2GG	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control twenty or more creatures, you win the game."	G	G	Judgment	112	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Hunting Grounds	GW	2	Enchantment	"Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Hunting Grounds has ""Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."""	W	W	Judgment	138	rare	Mark Brill		
Mirari's Wake	3GW	5	Enchantment	"Creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced."	W	W	Judgment	139	rare	David Martin		
Aurification	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature deals damage to you, put a gold counter on it.
Each creature with a gold counter on it is a Wall in addition to its other creature types and has defender. (Those creatures can't attack.)
When Aurification leaves the battlefield, remove all gold counters from all creatures."	W	W	Onslaught	6	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Circle of Solace	3W	4	Enchantment	"As Circle of Solace enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{1}{W}: The next time a creature of the chosen type would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Onslaught	13	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Righteous Cause	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Onslaught	51	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Shared Triumph	1W	2	Enchantment	"As Shared Triumph enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type get +1/+1."	W	W	Onslaught	53	rare	Mark Brill		
Sigil of the New Dawn	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {1}{W}. If you do, return that card to your hand."	W	W	Onslaught	55	rare	Tony Szczudlo		
Dispersing Orb	3UU	5	Enchantment	"{3}{U}, Sacrifice a permanent: Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Onslaught	80	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Cover of Darkness	1B	2	Enchantment	"As Cover of Darkness enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type have fear. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Onslaught	133	rare	Kev Walker		
Death Match	3B	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, that creature's controller may have target creature of their choice get -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Onslaught	136	rare	rk post		
Oversold Cemetery	1B	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have four or more creature cards in your graveyard, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Onslaught	160	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Aether Charge	4R	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a Beast enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it deal 4 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Onslaught	184	uncommon	Mark Brill		
Grand Melee	3R	4	Enchantment	"All creatures attack each combat if able.
All creatures block each combat if able."	R	R	Onslaught	211	rare	Trevor Hairsine		
Gratuitous Violence	2RRR	5	Enchantment	"If a creature you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Onslaught	212	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Lightning Rift	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player cycles a card, you may pay {1}. If you do, Lightning Rift deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Onslaught	217	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Mana Echoes	2RR	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you may add an amount of {C} equal to the number of creatures you control that share a creature type with it."	R	R	Onslaught	218	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Risky Move	3RRR	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player gains control of Risky Move.
When you gain control of Risky Move from another player, choose a creature you control and an opponent. Flip a coin. If you lose the flip, that opponent gains control of that creature."	R	R	Onslaught	223	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Centaur Glade	3GG	5	Enchantment	{2}{G}{G}: Create a 3/3 green Centaur creature token.	G	G	Onslaught	251	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Invigorating Boon	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player cycles a card, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Onslaught	267	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Steely Resolve	1G	2	Enchantment	"As Steely Resolve enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)"	G	G	Onslaught	286	rare	Greg Staples		
Force Bubble	2WW	4	Enchantment	"If damage would be dealt to you, put that many depletion counters on Force Bubble instead.
When there are four or more depletion counters on Force Bubble, sacrifice it.
At the beginning of each end step, remove all depletion counters from Force Bubble."	W	W	Scourge	14	rare	Alan Pollack		
Day of the Dragons	4UUU	7	Enchantment	"When Day of the Dragons enters the battlefield, exile all creatures you control. Then create that many 5/5 red Dragon creature tokens with flying.
When Day of the Dragons leaves the battlefield, sacrifice all Dragons you control. Then return the exiled cards to the battlefield under your control."	U	U	Scourge	31	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Decree of Silence	6UU	8	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, counter that spell and put a depletion counter on Decree of Silence. If there are three or more depletion counters on Decree of Silence, sacrifice it.
Cycling {4}{U}{U} ({4}{U}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Decree of Silence, you may counter target spell."	U	U	Scourge	32	rare	Adam Rex		
Parallel Thoughts	3UU	5	Enchantment	"When Parallel Thoughts enters the battlefield, search your library for seven cards, exile them in a face-down pile, and shuffle that pile. Then shuffle your library.
If you would draw a card, you may instead put the top card of the pile you exiled into your hand."	U	U	Scourge	44	rare	Ben Thompson		
Lethal Vapors	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, destroy it.
{0}: Destroy Lethal Vapors. You skip your next turn. Any player may activate this ability."	B	B	Scourge	68	rare	John Avon		
Grip of Chaos	4RR	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a spell or ability is put onto the stack, if it has a single target, reselect its target at random. (Select from among all legal targets.)"	R	R	Scourge	98	rare	Mark Tedin		
Pyrostatic Pillar	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell with converted mana cost 3 or less, Pyrostatic Pillar deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Scourge	100	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Primitive Etchings	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Reveal the first card you draw each turn. Whenever you reveal a creature card this way, draw a card."	G	G	Scourge	126	rare	David Martin		
Presence of the Master	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts an enchantment spell, counter it."	W	W	Urza's Saga	32	uncommon	Ciruelo		
Gossamer Chains	WW	2	Enchantment	Return Gossamer Chains to its owner's hand: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target unblocked creature this turn.	W	W	Visions	6	common	Steve Luke		
Parapet	1W	2	Enchantment	"You may cast Parapet as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
Creatures you control get +0/+1."	W	W	Visions	14	common	Mark Poole		
Righteous Aura	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}, Pay 2 life: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Visions	20	common	Jeff Miracola		
Alms	W	1	Enchantment	"{1}, Exile the top card of your graveyard: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn."	W	W	Weatherlight	3	common	Rogrio Vilela		
Angelic Renewal	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may sacrifice Angelic Renewal. If you do, return that card to the battlefield."	W	W	Weatherlight	4	common	Rebecca Guay		
Circle of Protection: Shadow	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time a creature of your choice with shadow would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	12	common	Harold McNeill		
Tortured Existence	B	1	Enchantment	"{B}, Discard a creature card: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Stronghold	74	common	Keith Parkinson		
Onslaught	R	1	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, tap target creature."	R	R	Exodus	92	common	Paolo Parente		
Opal Caryatid	W	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Caryatid is an enchantment, Opal Caryatid becomes a 2/2 Soldier creature."	W	W	Urza's Saga	24	common	Berry		
Opal Gargoyle	1W	2	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Gargoyle is an enchantment, Opal Gargoyle becomes a 2/2 Gargoyle creature with flying."	W	W	Urza's Saga	25	common	Kev Walker		
Rune of Protection: Black	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time a black source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	36	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Rune of Protection: Blue	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time a blue source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	37	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Rune of Protection: Green	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time a green source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	38	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Rune of Protection: Red	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time a red source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	40	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Rune of Protection: White	1W	2	Enchantment	"{W}: The next time a white source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	41	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Veil of Birds	U	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a spell, if Veil of Birds is an enchantment, Veil of Birds becomes a 1/1 Bird creature with flying."	U	U	Urza's Saga	106	common	Heather Hudson		
Pestilence	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of the end step, if no creatures are on the battlefield, sacrifice Pestilence.
{B}: Pestilence deals 1 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Urza's Saga	147	common	Pete Venters		
Hidden Spider	G	1	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell with flying, if Hidden Spider is an enchantment, Hidden Spider becomes a 3/5 Spider creature with reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	264	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Seal of Cleansing	1W	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice Seal of Cleansing: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Nemesis	18	common	Christopher Moeller		
Seal of Removal	U	1	Enchantment	Sacrifice Seal of Removal: Return target creature to its owner's hand.	U	U	Nemesis	42	common	Christopher Moeller		
Seal of Strength	G	1	Enchantment	Sacrifice Seal of Strength: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	G	G	Nemesis	115	common	Christopher Moeller		
Rhystic Circle	2WW	4	Enchantment	"{1}: Any player may pay {1}. If no one does, the next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Prophecy	19	common	Alan Pollack		
Alarum	1W	2	Instant	Untap target nonattacking creature. It gets +1/+3 until end of turn.	W	W	Mirage	2	common	Andrew Robinson		
Disempower	1W	2	Instant	Put target artifact or enchantment on top of its owner's library.	W	W	Mirage	9	common	John Matson		
Divine Retribution	1W	2	Instant	Divine Retribution deals damage to target attacking creature equal to the number of attacking creatures.	W	W	Mirage	12	rare	Charles Gillespie		
Illumination	WW	2	Instant	Counter target artifact or enchantment spell. Its controller gains life equal to its converted mana cost.	W	W	Mirage	21	uncommon	David O'Connor		
Shadowbane	1W	2	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you and/or creatures you control this turn, prevent that damage. If damage from a black source is prevented this way, you gain that much life."	W	W	Mirage	38	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Meddle	1U	2	Instant	"If target spell has only one target and that target is a creature, change that spell's target to another creature."	U	U	Mirage	73	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Memory Lapse	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put it on top of its owner's library instead of into that player's graveyard."	U	U	Mirage	74	common	Rebecca Guay		
Reality Ripple	1U	2	Instant	"Target artifact, creature, or land phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	87	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Shallow Grave	1B	2	Instant	Return the top creature card of your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste until end of turn. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.	B	B	Mirage	141	rare	John Coulthart		
Soul Rend	1B	2	Instant	"Destroy target creature if it's white. A creature destroyed this way can't be regenerated.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Mirage	144	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Withering Boon	1B	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 3 life.
Counter target creature spell."	B	B	Mirage	152	uncommon	Robert Bliss		
Aleatory	1R	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat after blockers are declared.
Flip a coin. If you win the flip, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Mirage	155	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Final Fortune	RR	2	Instant	"Take an extra turn after this one. At the beginning of that turn's end step, you lose the game."	R	R	Mirage	173	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Sirocco	1R	2	Instant	"Target player reveals their hand. For each blue instant card revealed this way, that player discards that card unless they pay 4 life."	R	R	Mirage	192	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Serene Heart	1G	2	Instant	Destroy all Auras.	G	G	Mirage	242	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Tranquil Domain	1G	2	Instant	Destroy all non-Aura enchantments.	G	G	Mirage	245	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Prismatic Boon	XWU	2	Instant	Choose a color. X target creatures gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn.	W	W	Mirage	274	uncommon	Thomas Gianni		
Vitalizing Cascade	XGW	2	Instant	You gain X plus 3 life.	W	W	Mirage	286	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Remedy	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent the next 5 damage that would be dealt this turn to any number of targets, divided as you choose."	W	W	Visions	17	common	Zina Saunders		
Foreshadow	1U	2	Instant	"Choose a card name, then target opponent puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. If that card has the chosen name, you draw a card.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Visions	33	uncommon	George Pratt		
Impulse	1U	2	Instant	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	U	U	Visions	34	common	Bryan Talbot		
Time and Tide	UU	2	Instant	"Simultaneously, all phased-out creatures phase in and all creatures with phasing phase out."	U	U	Visions	46	uncommon	George Pratt		
Wicked Reward	1B	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Target creature gets +4/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Visions	75	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Feral Instinct	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	G	G	Visions	107	common	Una Fricker		
Simoon	RG	2	Instant	Simoon deals 1 damage to each creature target opponent controls.	R	R	Visions	136	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Abeyance	1W	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target player can't cast instant or sorcery spells, and that player can't activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.
Draw a card."	W	W	Weatherlight	1	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Guided Strike	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Weatherlight	16	common	Gary Leach		
Urborg Justice	BB	2	Instant	Target opponent sacrifices a creature for each creature put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	B	B	Weatherlight	84	rare	Gary Leach		
Gallantry	1W	2	Instant	"Target blocking creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Tempest	20	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Invulnerability	1W	2	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Tempest	25	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Serene Offering	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target enchantment. You gain life equal to its converted mana cost.	W	W	Tempest	40	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Counterspell	UU	2	Instant	Counter target spell.	U	U	Tempest	57	common	Stephen Daniele		
Interdict	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target activated ability from an artifact, creature, enchantment, or land. That permanent's activated abilities can't be activated this turn. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Tempest	69	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Imps' Taunt	1B	2	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target creature attacks this turn if able."	B	B	Tempest	138	uncommon	Colin MacNeil		
Blood Frenzy	1R	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only before the combat damage step.
Target attacking or blocking creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn. Destroy that creature at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Tempest	164	common	Paolo Parente		
Kindle	1R	2	Instant	"Kindle deals X damage to any target, where X is 2 plus the number of cards named Kindle in all graveyards."	R	R	Tempest	184	common	Donato Giancola		
Reality Anchor	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature loses shadow until end of turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Tempest	246	common	Randy Gallegos		
Reap	1G	2	Instant	"Return up to X target cards from your graveyard to your hand, where X is the number of black permanents target opponent controls as you cast this spell."	G	G	Tempest	247	uncommon	Ron Chironna		
Respite	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. You gain 1 life for each attacking creature.	G	G	Tempest	249	common	Rebecca Guay		
Temper	X1W	2	Instant	"Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. For each 1 damage prevented this way, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	W	W	Stronghold	20	uncommon	Matthew D. Wilson		
Rebound	1U	2	Instant	Change the target of target spell that targets only a player. The new target must be a player.	U	U	Stronghold	40	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Constant Mists	1G	2	Instant	"Buyback?Sacrifice a land. (You may sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	G	G	Stronghold	104	uncommon	Dermot Power		
Provoke	1G	2	Instant	"Untap target creature you don't control. That creature blocks this turn if able.
Draw a card."	G	G	Stronghold	113	common	Terese Nielsen		
Allay	1W	2	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Exodus	1	common	Randy Gallegos		
Shattering Pulse	1R	2	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Exodus	102	common	Donato Giancola		
Sonic Burst	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card at random.
Sonic Burst deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Exodus	103	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Resuscitate	1G	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain ""{1}: Regenerate this creature."""	G	G	Exodus	121	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Clear	1W	2	Instant	"Destroy target enchantment.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Saga	7	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Humble	1W	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 0/1."	W	W	Urza's Saga	18	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Tolarian Winds	1U	2	Instant	"Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards."	U	U	Urza's Saga	104	common	Lawrence Snelly		
Falter	1R	2	Instant	Creatures without flying can't block this turn.	R	R	Urza's Saga	184	common	Mike Raabe		
Fault Line	XRR	2	Instant	Fault Line deals X damage to each creature without flying and each player.	R	R	Urza's Saga	185	rare	Ron Spencer		
Headlong Rush	1R	2	Instant	Attacking creatures gain first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Urza's Saga	198	common	Dermot Power		
Lull	1G	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Saga	267	common	Terese Nielsen		
Symbiosis	1G	2	Instant	Two target creatures each get +2/+2 until end of turn.	G	G	Urza's Saga	275	common	Jeff Miracola		
Hope and Glory	1W	2	Instant	Untap two target creatures. Each of them gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	9	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Peace and Quiet	1W	2	Instant	Destroy two target enchantments.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	17	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Miscalculation	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Legacy	36	common	Jeff Laubenstein		
Snap	1U	2	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. Untap up to two lands.	U	U	Urza's Legacy	43	common	Mike Raabe		
Parch	1R	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Parch deals 2 damage to any target.
? Parch deals 4 damage to target blue creature."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	86	common	Ron Spencer		
Repopulate	1G	2	Instant	"Shuffle all creature cards from target player's graveyard into that player's library.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Urza's Legacy	111	common	Una Fricker		
Fend Off	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target creature this turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Destiny	7	common	Paolo Parente		
Scent of Brine	1U	2	Instant	Reveal any number of blue cards in your hand. Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each card revealed this way.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	45	common	Greg Staples		
Rapid Decay	1B	2	Instant	"Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Urza's Destiny	67	rare	Chippy		
Scent of Nightshade	1B	2	Instant	"Reveal any number of black cards in your hand. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards revealed this way."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	69	common	John Avon		
Honor the Fallen	1W	2	Instant	Exile all creature cards from all graveyards. You gain 1 life for each card exiled this way.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	21	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Orim's Cure	1W	2	Instant	"If you control a Plains, you may tap an untapped creature you control rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	33	common	Don Hazeltine		
Renounce	1W	2	Instant	Sacrifice any number of permanents. You gain 2 life for each permanent sacrificed this way.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	42	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Soothing Balm	1W	2	Instant	Target player gains 5 life.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	48	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Hoodwink	1U	2	Instant	"Return target artifact, enchantment, or land to its owner's hand."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	84	common	Arnie Swekel		
Karn's Touch	UU	2	Instant	Target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost until end of turn. (It retains its abilities.)	U	U	Mercadian Masques	86	rare	Alan Pollack		
Tidal Bore	1U	2	Instant	"You may return an Island you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
You may tap or untap target creature."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	109	common	Frank Kelly Freas		
Ghoul's Feast	1B	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	137	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Rouse	1B	2	Instant	"If you control a Swamp, you may pay 2 life rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	157	common	Dave Dorman		
Word of Blasting	1R	2	Instant	Destroy target Wall. It can't be regenerated. Word of Blasting deals damage equal to that Wall's converted mana cost to the Wall's controller.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	228	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Accumulated Knowledge	1U	2	Instant	"Draw a card, then draw cards equal to the number of cards named Accumulated Knowledge in all graveyards."	U	U	Nemesis	26	common	Randy Gallegos		
Daze	1U	2	Instant	"You may return an Island you control to its owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}."	U	U	Nemesis	30	common	Matthew D. Wilson		
Pale Moon	1U	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, if a player taps a nonbasic land for mana, it produces colorless mana instead of any other type."	U	U	Nemesis	36	rare	Pete Venters		
Flowstone Strike	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +1/-1 and gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Nemesis	84	common	Mike Ploog		
Fog Patch	1G	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step.
Attacking creatures become blocked. (This spell works on creatures that can't be blocked.)"	G	G	Nemesis	104	common	Rebecca Guay		
Rhystic Shield	1W	2	Instant	Creatures you control get +0/+1 until end of turn. They get an additional +0/+2 until end of turn unless any player pays {2}.	W	W	Prophecy	20	common	Kev Walker		
Withdraw	UU	2	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. Then return another target creature to its owner's hand unless its controller pays {1}.	U	U	Prophecy	54	common	Adam Rex		
Steal Strength	1B	2	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Prophecy	79	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Wild Might	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. That creature gets an additional +4/+4 until end of turn unless any player pays {2}.	G	G	Prophecy	134	common	Carl Critchlow		
Liberate	1W	2	Instant	Exile target creature you control. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Invasion	21	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Samite Ministration	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by a source of your choice. Whenever damage from a black or red source is prevented this way this turn, you gain that much life."	W	W	Invasion	36	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Winnow	1W	2	Instant	"Destroy target nonland permanent if another permanent with the same name is on the battlefield.
Draw a card."	W	W	Invasion	45	rare	Roger Raupp		
Barrin's Unmaking	1U	2	Instant	Return target permanent to its owner's hand if that permanent shares a color with the most common color among all permanents or a color tied for most common.	U	U	Invasion	46	common	Luca Zontini		
Sway of Illusion	1U	2	Instant	"Any number of target creatures become the color of your choice until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	77	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Teferi's Response	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell or ability an opponent controls that targets a land you control. If a permanent's ability is countered this way, destroy that permanent.
Draw two cards."	U	U	Invasion	78	rare	Scott Bailey		
Chaotic Strike	1R	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat after blockers are declared.
Flip a coin. If you win the flip, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Invasion	140	uncommon	Massimilano Frezzato		
Lightning Dart	1R	2	Instant	"Lightning Dart deals 1 damage to target creature. If that creature is white or blue, Lightning Dart deals 4 damage to it instead."	R	R	Invasion	152	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Scorching Lava	1R	2	Instant	"Kicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} as you cast this spell.)
Scorching Lava deals 2 damage to any target. If this spell was kicked, that creature can't be regenerated this turn and if it would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Invasion	164	common	Mark Tedin		
Bind	1G	2	Instant	"Counter target activated ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)
Draw a card."	G	G	Invasion	182	rare	Mark Zug		
Tangle	1G	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Each attacking creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Invasion	213	uncommon	John Avon		
Artifact Mutation	RG	2	Instant	"Destroy target artifact. It can't be regenerated. Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is that artifact's converted mana cost."	R	R	Invasion	231	rare	Greg Staples		
Aura Mutation	GW	2	Instant	"Destroy target enchantment. Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is that enchantment's converted mana cost."	W	W	Invasion	232	rare	Pete Venters		
Aura Blast	1W	2	Instant	"Destroy target enchantment.
Draw a card."	W	W	Planeshift	1	common	Ron Walotsky		
Confound	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell that targets a creature.
Draw a card."	U	U	Planeshift	22	common	Doug Chaffee		
Shriek of Dread	1B	2	Instant	Target creature gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Planeshift	53	common	Nelson DeCastro		
Skyshroud Blessing	1G	2	Instant	"All lands gain shroud until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)
Draw a card."	G	G	Planeshift	92	uncommon	Jerry Tiritilli		
Gerrard's Command	GW	2	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	W	W	Planeshift	109	common	Roger Raupp		
Malicious Advice	XUB	2	Instant	"Tap X target artifacts, creatures, and/or lands. You lose X life."	U	U	Planeshift	114	common	Glen Angus		
Evasive Action	1U	2	Instant	Domain ? Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each basic land type among lands you control.	U	U	Apocalypse	23	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Jaded Response	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell if it shares a color with a creature you control.	U	U	Apocalypse	26	common	Matt Cavotta		
Jilt	1U	2	Instant	"Kicker {1}{R} (You may pay an additional {1}{R} as you cast this spell.)
Return target creature to its owner's hand. If this spell was kicked, it deals 2 damage to another target creature."	U	U	Apocalypse	27	common	Terese Nielsen		
Shimmering Mirage	1U	2	Instant	"Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Apocalypse	30	common	Rebecca Guay		
Captain's Maneuver	XRW	2	Instant	"The next X damage that would be dealt to target creature, planeswalker, or player this turn is dealt to another target creature, planeswalker, or player instead."	W	W	Apocalypse	92	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Life Burst	1W	2	Instant	"Target player gains 4 life, then gains 4 life for each card named Life Burst in each graveyard."	W	W	Odyssey	30	common	John Avon		
Aether Burst	1U	2	Instant	"Return up to X target creatures to their owners' hands, where X is one plus the number of cards named Aether Burst in all graveyards as you cast this spell."	U	U	Odyssey	60	common	Adam Rex		
Predict	1U	2	Instant	"Choose a card name, then target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. If that card has the chosen name, you draw two cards. Otherwise, you draw a card."	U	U	Odyssey	94	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Rites of Refusal	1U	2	Instant	Discard any number of cards. Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3} for each card discarded this way.	U	U	Odyssey	99	common	Bradley Williams		
Words of Wisdom	1U	2	Instant	"You draw two cards, then each other player draws a card."	U	U	Odyssey	114	common	Eric Peterson		
Tainted Pact	1B	2	Instant	"Exile the top card of your library. You may put that card into your hand unless it has the same name as another card exiled this way. Repeat this process until you put a card into your hand or you exile two cards with the same name, whichever comes first."	B	B	Odyssey	164	rare	Adam Rex		
Flame Burst	1R	2	Instant	"Flame Burst deals X damage to any target, where X is 2 plus the number of cards named Flame Burst in all graveyards."	R	R	Odyssey	194	common	Ron Spencer		
Molten Influence	1R	2	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller has Molten Influence deal 4 damage to them.	R	R	Odyssey	207	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Howling Gale	1G	2	Instant	"Howling Gale deals 1 damage to each creature with flying and each player.
Flashback {1}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	244	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Moment's Peace	1G	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Flashback {2}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	251	common	Rebecca Guay		
Muscle Burst	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is 3 plus the number of cards named Muscle Burst in all graveyards."	G	G	Odyssey	252	common	Gary Ruddell		
Sylvan Might	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.
Flashback {2}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	277	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Equal Treatment	1W	2	Instant	"If any source would deal 1 or more damage to a permanent or player this turn, it deals 2 damage to that permanent or player instead.
Draw a card."	W	W	Torment	4	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Vengeful Dreams	WW	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Exile X target attacking creatures."	W	W	Torment	21	rare	Mark Tedin		
Alter Reality	1U	2	Instant	"Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
Flashback {1}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Torment	22	rare	Justin Sweet		
False Memories	1U	2	Instant	"Put the top seven cards of your library into your graveyard. At the beginning of the next end step, exile seven cards from your graveyard."	U	U	Torment	37	rare	Ron Spencer		
Cabal Ritual	1B	2	Instant	"Add {B}{B}{B}.
Threshold ? Add {B}{B}{B}{B}{B} instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	B	B	Torment	51	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Accelerate	1R	2	Instant	"Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Torment	90	common	Gary Ruddell		
Lead Astray	1W	2	Instant	Tap up to two target creatures.	W	W	Judgment	14	common	Adam Rex		
Flash of Insight	X1U	2	Instant	"Look at the top X cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Flashback?{1}{U}, Exile X blue cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost, then exile it. You can't exile Flash of Insight to pay for its own flashback cost.)"	U	U	Judgment	40	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Grip of Amnesia	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller exiles all cards from their graveyard.
Draw a card."	U	U	Judgment	41	common	Bradley Williams		
Laquatus's Disdain	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell cast from a graveyard.
Draw a card."	U	U	Judgment	44	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Grave Consequences	1B	2	Instant	"Each player may exile any number of cards from their graveyard. Then each player loses 1 life for each card in their graveyard.
Draw a card."	B	B	Judgment	67	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Toxic Stench	1B	2	Instant	"Target nonblack creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead destroy that creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Judgment	74	common	Bradley Williams		
Flaring Pain	1R	2	Instant	"Damage can't be prevented this turn.
Flashback {R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Judgment	89	common	Glen Angus		
Krosan Reclamation	1G	2	Instant	"Target player shuffles up to two target cards from their graveyard into their library.
Flashback {1}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Judgment	122	uncommon	Gary Ruddell		
Seedtime	1G	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during your turn.
Take an extra turn after this one if an opponent cast a blue spell this turn."	G	G	Judgment	130	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Aura Extraction	1W	2	Instant	"Put target enchantment on top of its owner's library.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Onslaught	5	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Chain of Silence	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent all damage target creature would deal this turn. That creature's controller may sacrifice a land. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy."	W	W	Onslaught	12	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Backslide	1U	2	Instant	"Turn target creature with a morph ability face down.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Onslaught	70	common	Pete Venters		
Mage's Guile	1U	2	Instant	"Target creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Onslaught	91	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Standardize	UU	2	Instant	Choose a creature type other than Wall. Each creature becomes that type until end of turn.	U	U	Onslaught	116	rare	Justin Sweet		
False Cure	BB	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, whenever a player gains life, that player loses 2 life for each 1 life they gained."	B	B	Onslaught	146	rare	Bradley Williams		
Shade's Breath	1B	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, each creature you control becomes a black Shade and gains ""{B}: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."""	B	B	Onslaught	167	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Break Open	1R	2	Instant	Turn target face-down creature an opponent controls face up.	R	R	Onslaught	190	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Chain of Plasma	1R	2	Instant	"Chain of Plasma deals 3 damage to any target. Then that player or that permanent's controller may discard a card. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy."	R	R	Onslaught	193	uncommon	Gary Ruddell		
Starstorm	XRR	2	Instant	"Starstorm deals X damage to each creature.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Onslaught	238	rare	David Martin		
Wipe Clean	1W	2	Instant	"Exile target enchantment.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Scourge	26	common	Arnie Swekel		
Brain Freeze	1U	2	Instant	"Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	U	U	Scourge	29	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt		
Dispersal Shield	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell if its converted mana cost is less than or equal to the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control.	U	U	Scourge	33	common	Dave Dorman		
Metamorphose	1U	2	Instant	"Put target permanent an opponent controls on top of its owner's library. That opponent may put an artifact, creature, enchantment, or land card from their hand onto the battlefield."	U	U	Scourge	40	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Chill Haunting	1B	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile X creature cards from your graveyard.
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Scourge	60	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Afterlife	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. Its controller creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	W	W	Mirage	1	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Dazzling Beauty	2W	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step.
Target unblocked attacking creature becomes blocked. (This spell works on creatures that can't be blocked.)
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Mirage	8	common	Harold McNeill		
Enlightened Tutor	W	1	Instant	"Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it."	W	W	Mirage	14	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Ivory Charm	W	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? All creatures get -2/-0 until end of turn.
? Tap target creature.
? Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Mirage	23	common	Gerry Grace		
Mangara's Blessing	2W	3	Instant	"You gain 5 life.
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Mangara's Blessing, you gain 2 life, and you return Mangara's Blessing from your graveyard to your hand at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Mirage	25	uncommon	David A. Cherry		
Ether Well	3U	4	Instant	"Put target creature on top of its owner's library. If that creature is red, you may put it on the bottom of its owner's library instead."	U	U	Mirage	65	uncommon	Charles Gillespie		
Jolt	2U	3	Instant	"You may tap or untap target artifact, creature, or land.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Mirage	70	common	John Matson		
Sapphire Charm	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target player draws a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
? Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
? Target creature an opponent controls phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Mirage	89	common	Steve Luke		
Tidal Wave	2U	3	Instant	Create a 5/5 blue Wall creature token with defender. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	U	U	Mirage	100	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Bone Harvest	2B	3	Instant	"Put any number of target creature cards from your graveyard on top of your library.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Mirage	108	common	Greg Simanson		
Ebony Charm	B	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
? Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard.
? Target creature gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Mirage	120	common	Gerry Grace		
Nocturnal Raid	2BB	4	Instant	Black creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Mirage	132	uncommon	John Matson		
Soulshriek	B	1	Instant	"Target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Mirage	145	common	John Bolton		
Blind Fury	2RR	4	Instant	"All creatures lose trample until end of turn. If a creature would deal combat damage to a creature this turn, it deals double that damage to that creature instead."	R	R	Mirage	158	uncommon	John Coulthart		
Chaos Charm	R	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target Wall.
? Chaos Charm deals 1 damage to target creature.
? Target creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Mirage	163	common	Steve Luke		
Cinder Cloud	3RR	5	Instant	"Destroy target creature. If a white creature dies this way, Cinder Cloud deals damage to that creature's controller equal to the creature's power."	R	R	Mirage	165	uncommon	Jock		
Seedling Charm	G	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Return target Aura attached to a creature to its owner's hand.
? Regenerate target green creature.
? Target creature gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Mirage	240	common	Stuart Griffin		
Worldly Tutor	G	1	Instant	"Search your library for a creature card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it."	G	G	Mirage	255	uncommon	David O'Connor		
Delirium	1BR	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during an opponent's turn.
Tap target creature that player controls. That creature deals damage equal to its power to the player. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by the creature this turn."	R	R	Mirage	260	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Hope Charm	W	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.
? Target player gains 2 life.
? Destroy target Aura."	W	W	Visions	8	common	Greg Spalenka		
Miraculous Recovery	4W	5	Instant	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Put a +1/+1 counter on it.	W	W	Visions	13	uncommon	Brian Horton		
Desertion	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell. If an artifact or creature spell is countered this way, put that card onto the battlefield under your control instead of into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Visions	30	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Vision Charm	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard.
? Choose a land type and a basic land type. Each land of the first chosen type becomes the second chosen type until end of turn.
? Target artifact phases out. (While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist. It phases in before its controller untaps during their next untap step.)"	U	U	Visions	49	common	Greg Spalenka		
Hearth Charm	R	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact creature.
? Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn.
? Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn."	R	R	Visions	82	common	Greg Spalenka		
Rock Slide	XR	1	Instant	Rock Slide deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target attacking or blocking creatures without flying.	R	R	Visions	92	common	Mike Kerr		
Solfatara	2R	3	Instant	"Target player can't play lands this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Visions	93	common	Omaha Prez		
Emerald Charm	G	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Untap target permanent.
? Destroy target non-Aura enchantment.
? Target creature loses flying until end of turn."	G	G	Visions	106	common	Greg Spalenka		
Wind Shear	2G	3	Instant	Attacking creatures with flying get -2/-2 and lose flying until end of turn.	G	G	Visions	125	uncommon	John Matson		
Argivian Find	W	1	Instant	Return target artifact or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.	W	W	Weatherlight	6	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Abjure	U	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a blue permanent.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Weatherlight	31	common	Ted Naifeh		
Disrupt	U	1	Instant	"Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Draw a card."	U	U	Weatherlight	37	common	Adam Rex		
Fatal Blow	B	1	Instant	Destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn. It can't be regenerated.	B	B	Weatherlight	67	common	George Pratt		
Spinning Darkness	4BB	6	Instant	"You may exile the top three black cards of your graveyard rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Spinning Darkness deals 3 damage to target nonblack creature. You gain 3 life."	B	B	Weatherlight	81	common	John Coulthart		
Boiling Blood	2R	3	Instant	"Target creature attacks this turn if able.
Draw a card."	R	R	Weatherlight	92	common	Cliff Nielsen		
Desperate Gambit	R	1	Instant	"Choose a source you control and flip a coin. If you win the flip, the next time that source would deal damage this turn, it deals double that damage instead. If you lose the flip, the next time it would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage."	R	R	Weatherlight	96	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Lava Storm	3RR	5	Instant	Lava Storm deals 2 damage to each attacking creature or Lava Storm deals 2 damage to each blocking creature.	R	R	Weatherlight	110	common	Scott Kirschner		
Blossoming Wreath	G	1	Instant	You gain life equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	G	G	Weatherlight	120	common	Brian Durfee		
Choking Vines	XG	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step.
X target attacking creatures become blocked. Choking Vines deals 1 damage to each of those creatures. (This spell works on creatures that can't be blocked.)"	G	G	Weatherlight	123	common	Ted Naifeh		
Vitalize	G	1	Instant	Untap all creatures you control.	G	G	Weatherlight	145	common	Pete Venters		
Anoint	W	1	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn."	W	W	Tempest	3	common	Eric David Anderson		
Worthy Cause	W	1	Instant	"Buyback {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."	W	W	Tempest	53	uncommon	John Matson		
Capsize	1UU	3	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Return target permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Tempest	55	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Dismiss	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Draw a card."	U	U	Tempest	58	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Ertai's Meddling	XU	1	Instant	"X can't be 0.
Target spell's controller exiles it with X delay counters on it.
At the beginning of each of that player's upkeeps, if that card is exiled, remove a delay counter from it. If the card has no delay counters on it, the player puts it onto the stack as a copy of the original spell."	U	U	Tempest	61	rare	Steve Luke		
Shadow Rift	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Tempest	86	common	Adam Rex		
Whim of Volrath	U	1	Instant	"Buyback {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Change the text of target permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another or one basic land type with another until end of turn. (For example, you may change ""nonred creature"" to ""nongreen creature"" or ""plainswalk"" to ""swampwalk."")"	U	U	Tempest	102	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Reckless Spite	1BB	3	Instant	Destroy two target nonblack creatures. You lose 5 life.	B	B	Tempest	152	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Searing Touch	R	1	Instant	"Buyback {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Searing Touch deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Tempest	201	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Verdigris	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target artifact.	G	G	Tempest	264	uncommon	Zina Saunders		
Spontaneous Combustion	1BR	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Spontaneous Combustion deals 3 damage to each creature."	R	R	Tempest	273	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Change of Heart	W	1	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Target creature can't attack this turn."	W	W	Stronghold	3	common	Ron Spencer		
Scapegoat	W	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Return any number of target creatures you control to their owner's hand."	W	W	Stronghold	14	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Leap	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Stronghold	35	common	Kev Walker		
Mask of the Mimic	U	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a card with the same name as target nontoken creature and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Stronghold	37	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Mind Games	U	1	Instant	"Buyback {2}{U} (You may pay an additional {2}{U} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Tap target artifact, creature, or land."	U	U	Stronghold	38	common	Andrew Robinson		
Reins of Power	2UU	4	Instant	Untap all creatures you control and all creatures target opponent controls. You and that opponent each gain control of all creatures the other controls until end of turn. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn.	U	U	Stronghold	41	rare	Colin MacNeil		
Crossbow Ambush	G	1	Instant	Creatures you control gain reach until end of turn. (They can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Stronghold	105	common	Kev Walker		
Kor Chant	2W	3	Instant	All damage that would be dealt this turn to target creature you control by a source of your choice is dealt to another target creature instead.	W	W	Exodus	9	common	John Matson		
Reaping the Rewards	W	1	Instant	"Buyback?Sacrifice a land. (You may sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
You gain 2 life."	W	W	Exodus	16	common	Heather Hudson		
Forbid	1UU	3	Instant	"Buyback?Discard two cards. (You may discard two cards in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Counter target spell."	U	U	Exodus	35	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Culling the Weak	B	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Add {B}{B}{B}{B}."	B	B	Exodus	55	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Necrologia	3BB	5	Instant	"Cast this spell only during your end step.
As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
Draw X cards."	B	B	Exodus	68	uncommon	Brom		
Scare Tactics	B	1	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Exodus	73	common	DiTerlizzi		
Slaughter	2BB	4	Instant	"Buyback?Pay 4 life. (You may pay 4 life in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Exodus	74	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Fighting Chance	R	1	Instant	"For each blocking creature, flip a coin. If you win the flip, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by that creature this turn."	R	R	Exodus	82	rare	Mike Raabe		
Waylay	2W	3	Instant	Create three 2/2 white Knight creature tokens. Exile them at the beginning of the next cleanup step.	W	W	Urza's Saga	56	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Curfew	U	1	Instant	Each player returns a creature they control to its owner's hand.	U	U	Urza's Saga	68	common	Randy Gallegos		
Rescind	1UU	3	Instant	"Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	92	common	Adam Rex		
Stroke of Genius	X2U	3	Instant	Target player draws X cards.	U	U	Urza's Saga	100	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Sunder	3UU	5	Instant	Return all lands to their owners' hands.	U	U	Urza's Saga	101	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Turnabout	2UU	4	Instant	"Choose artifact, creature, or land. Tap all untapped permanents of the chosen type target player controls, or untap all tapped permanents of that type that player controls."	U	U	Urza's Saga	105	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Breach	2B	3	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains fear until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	B	B	Urza's Saga	120	common	Greg Staples		
Expunge	2B	3	Instant	"Destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Urza's Saga	135	common	Christopher Moeller		
Rain of Filth	B	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, lands you control gain ""Sacrifice this land: Add {B}."""	B	B	Urza's Saga	151	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Brand	R	1	Instant	"Gain control of all permanents you own. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	176	rare	Donato Giancola		
Outmaneuver	XR	1	Instant	X target blocked creatures assign their combat damage this turn as though they weren't blocked.	R	R	Urza's Saga	205	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Scrap	2R	3	Instant	"Destroy target artifact.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Urza's Saga	213	common	Donato Giancola		
Shower of Sparks	R	1	Instant	Shower of Sparks deals 1 damage to target creature and 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Urza's Saga	217	common	Christopher Moeller		
Burst of Energy	W	1	Instant	Untap target permanent.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	3	common	Mark Brill		
Iron Will	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +0/+4 until end of turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Legacy	10	common	Val Mayerik		
Radiant's Judgment	2W	3	Instant	"Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Urza's Legacy	22	common	Greg Staples		
Intervene	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell that targets a creature.	U	U	Urza's Legacy	33	common	Heather Hudson		
Sick and Tired	2B	3	Instant	Two target creatures each get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Urza's Legacy	66	common	Val Mayerik		
Swat	1BB	3	Instant	"Destroy target creature with power 2 or less.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Urza's Legacy	69	common	Daren Bader		
About Face	R	1	Instant	Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.	R	R	Urza's Legacy	73	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Last-Ditch Effort	R	1	Instant	Sacrifice any number of creatures. Last-Ditch Effort deals that much damage to any target.	R	R	Urza's Legacy	83	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Rack and Ruin	2R	3	Instant	Destroy two target artifacts.	R	R	Urza's Legacy	89	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Crop Rotation	G	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
Search your library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Urza's Legacy	98	common	DiTerlizzi		
Harmonic Convergence	2G	3	Instant	Put all enchantments on top of their owners' libraries.	G	G	Urza's Legacy	103	uncommon	John Avon		
Silk Net	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Urza's Legacy	112	common	Rob Alexander		
Scent of Jasmine	W	1	Instant	Reveal any number of white cards in your hand. You gain 2 life for each card revealed this way.	W	W	Urza's Destiny	17	common	Douglas Shuler		
Magnify	G	1	Instant	All creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	111	common	Michael Sutfin		
Scent of Ivy	G	1	Instant	"Reveal any number of green cards in your hand. Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards revealed this way."	G	G	Urza's Destiny	120	common	John Avon		
Moment of Silence	W	1	Instant	Target player skips their next combat phase this turn.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	28	common	Christopher Moeller		
Ramosian Rally	3W	4	Instant	"If you control a Plains, you may tap an untapped creature you control rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	38	common	Christopher Moeller		
Reverent Mantra	3W	4	Instant	"You may exile a white card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Choose a color. All creatures gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	44	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Misdirection	3UU	5	Instant	"You may exile a blue card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Change the target of target spell with a single target."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	87	rare	Paolo Parente		
Shoving Match	2U	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, all creatures gain ""{T}: Tap target creature."""	U	U	Mercadian Masques	103	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Thwart	2UU	4	Instant	"You may return three Islands you control to their owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	108	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Snuff Out	3B	4	Instant	"If you control a Swamp, you may pay 4 life rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	162	common	Mike Ploog		
Blood Oath	3R	4	Instant	"Choose a card type. Target opponent reveals their hand. Blood Oath deals 3 damage to that player for each card of the chosen type revealed this way. (Artifact, creature, enchantment, instant, land, planeswalker, sorcery, and tribal are card types.)"	R	R	Mercadian Masques	177	rare	Mike Ploog		
Brawl	3RR	5	Instant	"Until end of turn, all creatures gain ""{T}: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature."""	R	R	Mercadian Masques	178	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Crash	2R	3	Instant	"You may sacrifice a Mountain rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	186	common	Doug Chaffee		
Lunge	2R	3	Instant	Lunge deals 2 damage to target creature and 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	203	common	Dan Frazier		
Mercadia's Downfall	2R	3	Instant	Each attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each nonbasic land defending player controls.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	205	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Puppet's Verdict	1RR	3	Instant	"Flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy all creatures with power 2 or less. If you lose the flip, destroy all creatures with power 3 or greater."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	208	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Thunderclap	2R	3	Instant	"You may sacrifice a Mountain rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Thunderclap deals 3 damage to target creature."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	219	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Warpath	3R	4	Instant	Warpath deals 3 damage to each blocking creature and each blocked creature.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	226	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Invigorate	2G	3	Instant	"If you control a Forest, rather than pay this spell's mana cost, you may have an opponent gain 3 life.
Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	254	common	Dan Frazier		
Angelic Favor	3W	4	Instant	"If you control a Plains, you may tap an untapped creature you control rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Cast this spell only during combat.
Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Nemesis	1	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Off Balance	W	1	Instant	Target creature can't attack or block this turn.	W	W	Nemesis	15	common	Jeff Miracola		
Sivvi's Ruse	2WW	4	Instant	"If an opponent controls a Mountain and you control a Plains, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn to creatures you control."	W	W	Nemesis	21	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Sivvi's Valor	2W	3	Instant	"If you control a Plains, you may tap an untapped creature you control rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
All damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn is dealt to you instead."	W	W	Nemesis	22	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Dominate	X1UU	3	Instant	Gain control of target creature with converted mana cost X or less.	U	U	Nemesis	31	uncommon	Scott Hampton		
Ensnare	3U	4	Instant	"You may return two Islands you control to their owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Tap all creatures."	U	U	Nemesis	32	uncommon	Gao Yan		
Infiltrate	U	1	Instant	Target creature can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Nemesis	33	common	Nelson DeCastro		
Submerge	4U	5	Instant	"If an opponent controls a Forest and you control an Island, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Put target creature on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Nemesis	48	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Dark Triumph	4B	5	Instant	"If you control a Swamp, you may sacrifice a creature rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Nemesis	55	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Downhill Charge	2R	3	Instant	"You may sacrifice a Mountain rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of Mountains you control."	R	R	Nemesis	79	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Mogg Salvage	2R	3	Instant	"If an opponent controls an Island and you control a Mountain, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Nemesis	94	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Animate Land	G	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target land becomes a 3/3 creature that's still a land."	G	G	Nemesis	101	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Refreshing Rain	3G	4	Instant	"If an opponent controls a Swamp and you control a Forest, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Target player gains 6 life."	G	G	Nemesis	110	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Abolish	1WW	3	Instant	"You may discard a Plains card rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Prophecy	1	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Excise	XW	1	Instant	Exile target attacking creature unless its controller pays {X}.	W	W	Prophecy	8	common	Joel Biske		
Mirror Strike	3W	4	Instant	All combat damage that would be dealt to you this turn by target unblocked creature is dealt to its controller instead.	W	W	Prophecy	17	uncommon	Dave Dorman		
Foil	2UU	4	Instant	"You may discard an Island card and another card rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Prophecy	34	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Rethink	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}, where X is its converted mana cost."	U	U	Prophecy	42	common	Matt Cavotta		
Rhystic Lightning	2R	3	Instant	"Rhystic Lightning deals 4 damage to any target unless that permanent's controller or that player pays {2}. If they do, Rhystic Lightning deals 2 damage to the permanent or player."	R	R	Prophecy	99	common	Roger Raupp		
Snag	3G	4	Instant	"You may discard a Forest card rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by unblocked creatures this turn."	G	G	Prophecy	124	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Vitalizing Wind	8G	9	Instant	Creatures you control get +7/+7 until end of turn.	G	G	Prophecy	133	rare	Jeff Easley		
Orim's Touch	W	1	Instant	"Kicker {1} (You may pay an additional {1} as you cast this spell.)
Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. If this spell was kicked, prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to that permanent or player this turn instead."	W	W	Invasion	23	common	Roger Raupp		
Restrain	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target attacking creature this turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Invasion	30	common	Dave Dorman		
Crystal Spray	2U	3	Instant	"Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another or one basic land type with another until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	50	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Repulse	2U	3	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	70	common	Aaron Boyd		
Agonizing Demise	3B	4	Instant	"Kicker {1}{R} (You may pay an additional {1}{R} as you cast this spell.)
Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. If this spell was kicked, Agonizing Demise deals damage equal to that creature's power to the creature's controller."	B	R	Invasion	92	common	Mark Brill		
Annihilate	3BB	5	Instant	"Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.
Draw a card."	B	B	Invasion	94	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Defiling Tears	2B	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature becomes black, gets +1/-1, and gains ""{B}: Regenerate this creature."""	B	B	Invasion	99	uncommon	rk post		
Dredge	B	1	Instant	"Sacrifice a creature or land.
Draw a card."	B	B	Invasion	103	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Tsabo's Decree	5B	6	Instant	Choose a creature type. Target player reveals their hand and discards all creature cards of that type. Then destroy all creatures of that type that player controls. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Invasion	129	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Mages' Contest	1RR	3	Instant	"You and target spell's controller bid life. You start the bidding with a bid of 1. In turn order, each player may top the high bid. The bidding ends if the high bid stands. The high bidder loses life equal to the high bid. If you win the bidding, counter that spell."	R	R	Invasion	154	rare	Bradley Williams		
Overload	R	1	Instant	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Destroy target artifact if its converted mana cost is 2 or less. If this spell was kicked, destroy that artifact if its converted mana cost is 5 or less instead."	R	R	Invasion	157	common	Gary Ruddell		
Turf Wound	2R	3	Instant	"Target player can't play lands this turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Invasion	177	common	Thomas Gianni		
Zap	2R	3	Instant	"Zap deals 1 damage to any target.
Draw a card."	R	R	Invasion	180	common	John Matson		
Explosive Growth	G	1	Instant	"Kicker {5} (You may pay an additional {5} as you cast this spell.)
Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, that creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn instead."	G	G	Invasion	187	common	Arnie Swekel		
Vigorous Charge	G	1	Instant	"Kicker {W} (You may pay an additional {W} as you cast this spell.)
Target creature gains trample until end of turn. Whenever that creature deals combat damage this turn, if this spell was kicked, you gain life equal to that damage."	G	W	Invasion	222	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Backlash	1BR	3	Instant	Tap target untapped creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to its controller.	R	R	Invasion	234	uncommon	Chippy		
Cauldron Dance	4BR	6	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat.
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.
You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Its controller sacrifices it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Invasion	238	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Recoil	1UB	3	Instant	Return target permanent to its owner's hand. Then that player discards a card.	U	U	Invasion	264	common	Alan Pollack		
Reviving Vapors	2WU	4	Instant	Reveal the top three cards of your library and put one of them into your hand. You gain life equal to that card's converted mana cost. Put all other cards revealed this way into your graveyard.	W	W	Invasion	265	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Spinal Embrace	3UUB	6	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat.
Untap target creature you don't control and gain control of it. It gains haste until end of turn. At the beginning of the next end step, sacrifice it. If you do, you gain life equal to its toughness."	U	U	Invasion	276	rare	Donato Giancola		
Undermine	UUB	3	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller loses 3 life.	U	U	Invasion	282	rare	Massimilano Frezzato		
Dominaria's Judgment	2W	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain protection from white if you control a Plains, from blue if you control an Island, from black if you control a Swamp, from red if you control a Mountain, and from green if you control a Forest."	W	W	Planeshift	4	rare	John Avon		
Orim's Chant	W	1	Instant	"Kicker {W} (You may pay an additional {W} as you cast this spell.)
Target player can't cast spells this turn. If this spell was kicked, creatures can't attack this turn."	W	W	Planeshift	11	rare	Kev Walker		
Pollen Remedy	W	1	Instant	"Kicker?Sacrifice a land. (You may sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt this turn to any number of targets, divided as you choose. If this spell was kicked, prevent the next 6 damage this way instead."	W	W	Planeshift	13	common	Ben Thompson		
Surprise Deployment	3W	4	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat.
You may put a nonwhite creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. At the beginning of the next end step, return that creature to your hand. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)"	W	W	Planeshift	18	uncommon	Bradley Williams		
Ertai's Trickery	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell if it was kicked.	U	U	Planeshift	24	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Rushing River	2U	3	Instant	"Kicker?Sacrifice a land. (You may sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. If this spell was kicked, return another target nonland permanent to its owner's hand."	U	U	Planeshift	30	common	Don Hazeltine		
Death Bomb	3B	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. Its controller loses 2 life."	B	B	Planeshift	41	common	Dan Frazier		
Magma Burst	3R	4	Instant	"Kicker?Sacrifice two lands. (You may sacrifice two lands in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Magma Burst deals 3 damage to any target. If this spell was kicked, it deals 3 damage to another target."	R	R	Planeshift	66	common	Bradley Williams		
Singe	R	1	Instant	Singe deals 1 damage to target creature. That creature becomes black until end of turn.	R	R	Planeshift	71	common	John Avon		
Falling Timber	2G	3	Instant	"Kicker?Sacrifice a land. (You may sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Prevent all combat damage target creature would deal this turn. If this spell was kicked, prevent all combat damage another target creature would deal this turn."	G	G	Planeshift	79	common	Eric Peterson		
Gaea's Might	G	1	Instant	Domain ? Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each basic land type among lands you control.	G	G	Planeshift	81	common	Ron Spencer		
Crosis's Charm	UBR	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
? Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.
? Destroy target artifact."	U	U	Planeshift	99	uncommon	David Martin		
Darigaaz's Charm	BRG	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Darigaaz's Charm deals 3 damage to any target.
? Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	R	R	Planeshift	100	uncommon	David Martin		
Daring Leap	1WU	3	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying and first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Planeshift	101	common	Paolo Parente		
Dromar's Charm	WUB	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? You gain 5 life.
? Counter target spell.
? Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	W	W	Planeshift	105	uncommon	David Martin		
Rith's Charm	RGW	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target nonbasic land.
? Create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.
? Prevent all damage a source of your choice would deal this turn."	W	W	Planeshift	122	uncommon	David Martin		
Treva's Charm	GWU	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Exile target attacking creature.
? Draw a card, then discard a card."	W	W	Planeshift	129	uncommon	David Martin		
Orim's Thunder	2W	3	Instant	"Kicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} as you cast this spell.)
Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If this spell was kicked, it deals damage equal to that permanent's converted mana cost to target creature."	W	W	Apocalypse	15	common	Carl Critchlow		
Strength of Night	2G	3	Instant	"Kicker {B} (You may pay an additional {B} as you cast this spell.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, Zombie creatures you control get an additional +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Apocalypse	86	common	John Avon		
Consume Strength	1BG	3	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.	G	G	Apocalypse	93	common	Adam Rex		
Prophetic Bolt	3UR	5	Instant	Prophetic Bolt deals 4 damage to any target. Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	U	U	Apocalypse	116	rare	Dave Dorman		
Suffocating Blast	1UUR	4	Instant	Counter target spell and Suffocating Blast deals 3 damage to target creature.	U	U	Apocalypse	124	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Cease-Fire	2W	3	Instant	"Target player can't cast creature spells this turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Odyssey	14	common	Darrell Riche		
Embolden	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt this turn to any number of targets, divided as you choose.
Flashback {1}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Odyssey	22	common	Rebecca Guay		
Ray of Distortion	3W	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Flashback {4}{W}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Odyssey	42	common	Carl Critchlow		
Sacred Rites	W	1	Instant	Discard any number of cards. Creatures you control get +0/+1 until end of turn for each card discarded this way.	W	W	Odyssey	44	common	Bradley Williams		
Second Thoughts	4W	5	Instant	"Exile target attacking creature.
Draw a card."	W	W	Odyssey	45	common	Ray Lago		
Spiritualize	2W	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, whenever target creature deals damage, you gain that much life.
Draw a card."	W	W	Odyssey	53	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Divert	U	1	Instant	Change the target of target spell with a single target unless that spell's controller pays {2}.	U	U	Odyssey	82	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Fervent Denial	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Flashback {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Odyssey	86	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Repel	3U	4	Instant	Put target creature on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Odyssey	98	common	Terese Nielsen		
Coffin Purge	B	1	Instant	"Exile target card from a graveyard.
Flashback {B} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	B	Odyssey	124	common	Pete Venters		
Ghastly Demise	B	1	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature if its toughness is less than or equal to the number of cards in your graveyard.	B	B	Odyssey	139	common	Gary Ruddell		
Skeletal Scrying	XB	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile X cards from your graveyard.
You draw X cards and you lose X life."	B	B	Odyssey	161	uncommon	Bob Petillo		
Bash to Bits	3R	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact.
Flashback {4}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	176	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Blazing Salvo	R	1	Instant	Blazing Salvo deals 3 damage to target creature unless that creature's controller has Blazing Salvo deal 5 damage to them.	R	R	Odyssey	178	common	rk post		
Demoralize	2R	3	Instant	"All creatures gain menace until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, creatures can't block this turn."	R	R	Odyssey	184	common	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Engulfing Flames	R	1	Instant	"Engulfing Flames deals 1 damage to target creature. It can't be regenerated this turn.
Flashback {3}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Odyssey	191	uncommon	Marc Fishman		
Mudhole	2R	3	Instant	Target player exiles all land cards from their graveyard.	R	R	Odyssey	208	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Rites of Initiation	R	1	Instant	Discard any number of cards at random. Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn for each card discarded this way.	R	R	Odyssey	217	common	Bradley Williams		
Thermal Blast	4R	5	Instant	"Thermal Blast deals 3 damage to target creature.
Threshold ? Thermal Blast deals 5 damage to that creature instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	R	R	Odyssey	224	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Beast Attack	2GGG	5	Instant	"Create a 4/4 green Beast creature token.
Flashback {2}{G}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	230	uncommon	Ciruelo		
Elephant Ambush	2GG	4	Instant	"Create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.
Flashback {6}{G}{G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Odyssey	240	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Refresh	2G	3	Instant	"Regenerate target creature.
Draw a card."	G	G	Odyssey	264	common	Keith Garletts		
Vivify	2G	3	Instant	"Target land becomes a 3/3 creature until end of turn. It's still a land.
Draw a card."	G	G	Odyssey	281	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Frantic Purification	2W	3	Instant	"Destroy target enchantment.
Madness {W} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	W	W	Torment	6	common	Mark Brill		
Spirit Flare	3W	4	Instant	"Tap target untapped creature you control. If you do, it deals damage equal to its power to target attacking or blocking creature an opponent controls.
Flashback?{1}{W}, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Torment	15	common	rk post		
Circular Logic	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each card in your graveyard.
Madness {U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Torment	33	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Liquify	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell with converted mana cost 3 or less. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Torment	41	common	Ron Spencer		
Obsessive Search	U	1	Instant	"Draw a card.
Madness {U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Torment	43	common	Jim Nelson		
Insidious Dreams	3B	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Search your library for X cards. Then shuffle your library and put those cards on top of it in any order."	B	B	Torment	66	rare	John Avon		
Psychotic Haze	2BB	4	Instant	"Psychotic Haze deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.
Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Torment	76	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Waste Away	4B	5	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn."	B	B	Torment	88	common	Alan Pollack		
Flaming Gambit	XR	1	Instant	"Flaming Gambit deals X damage to target player or planeswalker. That player or that planeswalker's controller may choose a creature they control and have Flaming Gambit deal that damage to it instead.
Flashback {X}{R}{R} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	R	R	Torment	98	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Radiate	3RR	5	Instant	Choose target instant or sorcery spell that targets only a single permanent or player. Copy that spell for each other permanent or player the spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of those permanents and players.	R	R	Torment	113	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Sonic Seizure	R	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card at random.
Sonic Seizure deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Torment	115	common	Terese Nielsen		
Temporary Insanity	3R	4	Instant	Untap target creature with power less than the number of cards in your graveyard and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Torment	116	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Violent Eruption	1RRR	4	Instant	"Violent Eruption deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.
Madness {1}{R}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Torment	117	uncommon	Bob Petillo		
Aven Warcraft	2W	3	Instant	"Creatures you control get +0/+2 until end of turn.
Threshold ? If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, choose a color. Creatures you control also gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn."	W	W	Judgment	2	uncommon	Roger Raupp		
Funeral Pyre	W	1	Instant	Exile target card from a graveyard. Its owner creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	W	W	Judgment	10	common	Carl Critchlow		
Prismatic Strands	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent all damage that sources of the color of your choice would deal this turn.
Flashback?Tap an untapped white creature you control. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	W	W	Judgment	18	common	Eric Peterson		
Cunning Wish	2U	3	Instant	"You may choose an instant card you own from outside the game, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Exile Cunning Wish."	U	U	Judgment	37	rare	Jim Nelson		
Defy Gravity	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Flashback {U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Judgment	38	common	Ben Thompson		
Envelop	U	1	Instant	Counter target sorcery spell.	U	U	Judgment	39	common	Don Hazeltine		
Keep Watch	2U	3	Instant	Draw a card for each attacking creature.	U	U	Judgment	43	common	Fred Rahmqvist		
Mental Note	U	1	Instant	"Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
Draw a card."	U	U	Judgment	46	common	Bradley Williams		
Spelljack	3UUU	6	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard. You may play it without paying its mana cost for as long as it remains exiled. (If it has X in its mana cost, X is 0.)"	U	U	Judgment	51	rare	Pete Venters		
Ember Shot	6R	7	Instant	"Ember Shot deals 3 damage to any target.
Draw a card."	R	R	Judgment	87	common	Alan Pollack		
Shaman's Trance	2R	3	Instant	Other players can't cast spells or play lands from their graveyards this turn. You may play cards from other players' graveyards this turn as though those cards were in your graveyard.	R	R	Judgment	98	rare	Greg Hildebrandt		
Canopy Claws	G	1	Instant	"Target creature loses flying until end of turn.
Flashback {G} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	G	Judgment	108	common	Matthew Mitchell		
Folk Medicine	2G	3	Instant	"You gain 1 life for each creature you control.
Flashback {1}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	G	W	Judgment	115	common	Matt Cavotta		
Serene Sunset	XG	1	Instant	Prevent all combat damage X target creatures would deal this turn.	G	G	Judgment	131	uncommon	David Martin		
Sudden Strength	3G	4	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Judgment	132	common	Alan Pollack		
Akroma's Blessing	2W	3	Instant	"Choose a color. Creatures you control gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn.
Cycling {W} ({W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Onslaught	1	uncommon	Adam Rex		
Defensive Maneuvers	3W	4	Instant	Creatures of the creature type of your choice get +0/+4 until end of turn.	W	W	Onslaught	23	common	Luca Zontini		
Oblation	2W	3	Instant	"The owner of target nonland permanent shuffles it into their library, then draws two cards."	W	W	Onslaught	46	rare	Doug Chaffee		
Piety Charm	W	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target Aura attached to a creature.
? Target Soldier creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
? Creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Onslaught	49	common	David Martin		
Sunfire Balm	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Cycling {1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Sunfire Balm, you may prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Onslaught	56	uncommon	Monte Michael Moore		
Unified Strike	W	1	Instant	Exile target attacking creature if its power is less than or equal to the number of Soldiers on the battlefield.	W	W	Onslaught	58	common	Dave Dorman		
Artificial Evolution	U	1	Instant	Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one creature type with another. The new creature type can't be Wall. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	U	U	Onslaught	67	rare	Greg Staples		
Chain of Vapor	U	1	Instant	"Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Then that permanent's controller may sacrifice a land. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy."	U	U	Onslaught	73	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Complicate	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}.
Cycling {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Complicate, you may counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}."	U	U	Onslaught	76	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Ixidor's Will	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2} for each Wizard on the battlefield.	U	U	Onslaught	90	common	Eric Peterson		
Psychic Trance	2UU	4	Instant	"Until end of turn, Wizards you control gain ""{T}: Counter target spell."""	U	U	Onslaught	102	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Read the Runes	XU	1	Instant	"Draw X cards. For each card drawn this way, discard a card unless you sacrifice a permanent."	U	U	Onslaught	104	rare	Alan Pollack		
Spy Network	U	1	Instant	"Look at target player's hand, the top card of that player's library, and any face-down creatures they control. Look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Onslaught	115	common	Ron Spears		
Trickery Charm	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
? Target creature becomes the creature type of your choice until end of turn.
? Look at the top four cards of your library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Onslaught	119	common	David Martin		
Wheel and Deal	3U	4	Instant	"Any number of target opponents each discard their hands, then draw seven cards.
Draw a card."	U	U	Onslaught	121	rare	Alan Pollack		
Death Pulse	2BB	4	Instant	"Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.
Cycling {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Death Pulse, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Onslaught	137	uncommon	Tony Szczudlo		
Fade from Memory	B	1	Instant	"Exile target card from a graveyard.
Cycling {B} ({B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Onslaught	144	uncommon	David Martin		
Feeding Frenzy	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Zombies on the battlefield."	B	B	Onslaught	147	uncommon	Nelson DeCastro		
Misery Charm	B	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target Cleric.
? Return target Cleric card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Target player loses 2 life."	B	B	Onslaught	158	common	David Martin		
Brightstone Ritual	R	1	Instant	Add {R} for each Goblin on the battlefield.	R	R	Onslaught	191	common	Wayne England		
Commando Raid	2R	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control gains ""When this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature that player controls."""	R	R	Onslaught	195	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Fever Charm	R	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
? Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
? Fever Charm deals 3 damage to target Wizard creature."	R	R	Onslaught	202	common	David Martin		
Pinpoint Avalanche	3RR	5	Instant	Pinpoint Avalanche deals 4 damage to target creature. The damage can't be prevented.	R	R	Onslaught	221	common	Darrell Riche		
Solar Blast	3R	4	Instant	"Solar Blast deals 3 damage to any target.
Cycling {1}{R}{R} ({1}{R}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Solar Blast, you may have it deal 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Onslaught	234	common	Greg Staples		
Primal Boost	2G	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.
Cycling {2}{G} ({2}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Primal Boost, you may have target creature get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Onslaught	277	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Run Wild	G	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gains trample and ""{G}: Regenerate this creature."""	G	G	Onslaught	279	uncommon	Alan Pollack		
Tribal Unity	X2G	3	Instant	Creatures of the creature type of your choice get +X/+X until end of turn.	G	G	Onslaught	294	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Vitality Charm	G	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.
? Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
? Regenerate target Beast."	G	G	Onslaught	296	common	David Martin		
Wirewood Pride	G	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of Elves on the battlefield."	G	G	Onslaught	303	common	Dave Dorman		
Astral Steel	2W	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+2 until end of turn.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	W	W	Scourge	2	common	Matt Cavotta		
Recuperate	3W	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? You gain 6 life.
? Prevent the next 6 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn."	W	W	Scourge	21	common	Tim Hildebrandt		
Reward the Faithful	W	1	Instant	Any number of target players each gain life equal to the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control.	W	W	Scourge	22	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Hindering Touch	3U	4	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	U	U	Scourge	37	common	Glen Angus		
Long-Term Plans	2U	3	Instant	"Search your library for a card, shuffle your library, then put that card third from the top."	U	U	Scourge	38	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Stifle	U	1	Instant	Counter target activated or triggered ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)	U	U	Scourge	52	rare	Dany Orizio		
Reaping the Graves	2B	3	Instant	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	B	B	Scourge	72	common	Ron Spencer		
Carbonize	2R	3	Instant	"Carbonize deals 3 damage to any target. If it's a creature, it can't be regenerated this turn, and if it would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Scourge	83	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Scattershot	2R	3	Instant	"Scattershot deals 1 damage to target creature.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	R	R	Scourge	102	common	Glen Angus		
Spark Spray	R	1	Instant	"Spark Spray deals 1 damage to any target.
Cycling {R} ({R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Scourge	105	common	Pete Venters		
Accelerated Mutation	3GG	5	Instant	"Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control."	G	G	Scourge	109	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Decree of Savagery	7GG	9	Instant	"Put four +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.
Cycling {4}{G}{G} ({4}{G}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Decree of Savagery, you may put four +1/+1 counters on target creature."	G	G	Scourge	115	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Divergent Growth	G	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, lands you control gain ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Scourge	116	common	Rob Alexander		
Hunting Pack	5GG	7	Instant	"Create a 4/4 green Beast creature token.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	G	G	Scourge	121	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Sprouting Vines	2G	3	Instant	"Search your library for a basic land card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	G	G	Scourge	128	common	John Avon		
Jabari's Influence	3WW	5	Instant	"Cast this spell only after combat.
Gain control of target nonartifact, nonblack creature that attacked you this turn and put a -1/-0 counter on it."	W	W	Mirage	24	rare	Gerry Grace		
Yare	2W	3	Instant	Target creature defending player controls gets +3/+0 until end of turn. That creature can block up to two additional creatures this turn.	W	W	Mirage	48	rare	Ron Spencer		
Prismatic Lace	U	1	Instant	Target permanent becomes the color or colors of your choice. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	U	U	Mirage	84	rare	David O'Connor		
Carrion	1BB	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Create X 0/1 black Insect creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	Mirage	111	rare	Geofrey Darrow		
Barreling Attack	2RR	4	Instant	"Target creature gains trample until end of turn. When that creature becomes blocked this turn, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it."	R	R	Mirage	157	rare	Ian Miller		
Telim'Tor's Edict	R	1	Instant	"Exile target permanent you own or control.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Mirage	198	rare	Kev Walker		
Lure of Prey	2GG	4	Instant	"Cast this spell only if an opponent cast a creature spell this turn.
You may put a green creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Mirage	227	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Reflect Damage	3RW	5	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage this turn, that damage is dealt to that source's controller instead."	W	W	Mirage	277	rare	Ron Spencer		
Tithe	W	1	Instant	"Search your library for a Plains card. If target opponent controls more lands than you, you may search your library for an additional Plains card. Reveal those cards and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Visions	23	rare	Jon J Muth		
Three Wishes	1UU	3	Instant	"Exile the top three cards of your library face down. You may look at those cards for as long as they remain exiled. Until your next turn, you may play those cards. At the beginning of your next upkeep, put any of those cards you didn't play into your graveyard."	U	U	Visions	45	rare	George Pratt		
Kaervek's Spite	BBB	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice all permanents you control and discard your hand.
Target player loses 5 life."	B	B	Visions	63	rare	Bryan Talbot		
Debt of Loyalty	1WW	3	Instant	Regenerate target creature. You gain control of that creature if it regenerates this way.	W	W	Weatherlight	11	rare	Pete Venters		
Firestorm	R	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Firestorm deals X damage to each of X targets."	R	R	Weatherlight	101	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Intuition	2U	3	Instant	Search your library for three cards and reveal them. Target opponent chooses one. Put that card into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library.	U	U	Tempest	70	rare	April Lee		
Meditate	2U	3	Instant	Draw four cards. You skip your next turn.	U	U	Tempest	76	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Corpse Dance	2B	3	Instant	"Buyback {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Return the top creature card of your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste until end of turn. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Tempest	116	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Hatred	3BB	5	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Exodus	64	rare	Brom		
Power Sink	XU	1	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. If that player doesn't, they tap all lands with mana abilities they control and lose all unspent mana."	U	U	Mirage	83	common	Charles Gillespie		
Ray of Command	3U	4	Instant	"Untap target creature an opponent controls and gain control of it until end of turn. That creature gains haste until end of turn. When you lose control of the creature, tap it."	U	U	Mirage	86	common	Andrew Robinson		
Dark Ritual	B	1	Instant	Add {B}{B}{B}.	B	B	Mirage	116	common	John Coulthart		
Flare	2R	3	Instant	"Flare deals 1 damage to any target.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Mirage	176	common	Greg Simanson		
Sandstorm	G	1	Instant	Sandstorm deals 1 damage to each attacking creature.	G	G	Mirage	239	common	Mike Kimble		
Enchantment Alteration	U	1	Instant	Attach target Aura attached to a creature or land to another permanent of that type.	U	U	Urza's Saga	72	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Venomous Breath	3G	4	Instant	"Choose target creature. At this turn's next end of combat, destroy all creatures that blocked or were blocked by it this turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	281	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
False Dawn	1W	2	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, spells and abilities you control that would add colored mana instead add that much white mana. Until end of turn, you may spend white mana as though it were mana of any color.
Draw a card."	W	W	Apocalypse	10	rare	Dave Dorman		
Planar Despair	3BB	5	Sorcery	Domain ? All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn for each basic land type among lands you control.	B	B	Apocalypse	50	rare	Mike Sass		
Suppress	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player exiles all cards from their hand face down. At the beginning of the end step of that player's next turn, that player returns those cards to their hand."	B	B	Apocalypse	52	uncommon	Terese Nielsen & Thomas M. Baxa		
Illuminate	XR	1	Sorcery	"Kicker {2}{R} and/or {3}{U} (You may pay an additional {2}{R} and/or {3}{U} as you cast this spell.)
Illuminate deals X damage to target creature. If this spell was kicked with its {2}{R} kicker, it deals X damage to that creature's controller. If this spell was kicked with its {3}{U} kicker, you draw X cards."	R	U	Apocalypse	63	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Gaea's Balance	3G	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice five lands.
Search your library for a land card of each basic land type and put them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Apocalypse	77	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Aether Mutation	3GU	5	Sorcery	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is that creature's converted mana cost."	U	U	Apocalypse	91	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Death Grasp	XWB	2	Sorcery	Death Grasp deals X damage to any target. You gain X life.	W	W	Apocalypse	95	rare	Eric Peterson		
Death Mutation	6BG	8	Sorcery	"Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated. Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is that creature's converted mana cost."	G	G	Apocalypse	96	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Gerrard's Verdict	WB	2	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards. You gain 3 life for each land card discarded this way.	W	W	Apocalypse	102	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Guided Passage	GUR	3	Sorcery	"Reveal the cards in your library. An opponent chooses from among them a creature card, a land card, and a noncreature, nonland card. You put the chosen cards into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Apocalypse	105	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Last Stand	WUBRG	5	Sorcery	"Target opponent loses 2 life for each Swamp you control. Last Stand deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Mountains you control. Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each Forest you control. You gain 2 life for each Plains you control. Draw a card for each Island you control, then discard that many cards."	W	W	Apocalypse	107	rare	Ron Spencer		
Squee's Revenge	1UR	3	Sorcery	"Choose a number. Flip a coin that many times or until you lose a flip, whichever comes first. If you win all the flips, draw two cards for each flip."	U	U	Apocalypse	123	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Vindicate	1WB	3	Sorcery	Destroy target permanent.	W	W	Apocalypse	126	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Divine Light	W	1	Sorcery	Prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn to creatures you control.	W	W	Apocalypse	8	common	Christopher Moeller		
Dead Ringers	4B	5	Sorcery	Destroy two target nonblack creatures unless either one is a color the other isn't. They can't be regenerated.	B	B	Apocalypse	37	common	Greg Staples		
Last Caress	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Draw a card."	B	B	Apocalypse	41	common	Eric Peterson		
Mind Extraction	2B	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Target player reveals their hand and discards all cards of each of the sacrificed creature's colors."	B	B	Apocalypse	42	common	Adam Rex		
Urborg Uprising	4B	5	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.
Draw a card."	B	B	Apocalypse	53	common	Adam Rex		
Dwarven Landslide	3R	4	Sorcery	"Kicker?{2}{R}, Sacrifice a land. (You may pay {2}{R} and sacrifice a land in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Destroy target land. If this spell was kicked, destroy another target land."	R	R	Apocalypse	60	common	Tony Szczudlo		
Tahngarth's Glare	R	1	Sorcery	"Look at the top three cards of target opponent's library, then put them back in any order. That player looks at the top three cards of your library, then puts them back in any order."	R	R	Apocalypse	70	common	Pete Venters		
Tranquil Path	4G	5	Sorcery	"Destroy all enchantments.
Draw a card."	G	G	Apocalypse	89	common	John Avon		
Temporal Spring	1GU	3	Sorcery	Put target permanent on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Apocalypse	125	common	John Matson		
Dream Cache	2U	3	Sorcery	"Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand both on top of your library or both on the bottom of your library."	U	U	Mirage	62	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Choking Sands	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target non-Swamp land. If that land was nonbasic, Choking Sands deals 2 damage to the land's controller."	B	B	Mirage	113	common	Roger Raupp		
Drain Life	X1B	2	Sorcery	"Spend only black mana on X.
Drain Life deals X damage to any target. You gain life equal to the damage dealt, but not more life than the player's life total before the damage was dealt, the planeswalker's loyalty before the damage was dealt, or the creature's toughness."	B	B	Mirage	118	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Builder's Bane	XXR	1	Sorcery	Destroy X target artifacts. Builder's Bane deals damage to each player equal to the number of artifacts they controlled that were put into a graveyard this way.	R	R	Mirage	160	common	Charles Gillespie		
Kaervek's Torch	XR	1	Sorcery	"As long as Kaervek's Torch is on the stack, spells that target it cost {2} more to cast.
Kaervek's Torch deals X damage to any target."	R	R	Mirage	185	common	John Coulthart		
Undo	1UU	3	Sorcery	Return two target creatures to their owners' hands.	U	U	Visions	47	common	Terese Nielsen		
Infernal Harvest	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, return X Swamps you control to their owner's hand.
Infernal Harvest deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures."	B	B	Visions	62	common	Nathalie Hertz		
Song of Blood	1R	2	Sorcery	"Put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard.
Whenever a creature attacks this turn, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each creature card put into your graveyard this way."	R	R	Visions	94	common	Eric Peterson		
Elven Cache	2GG	4	Sorcery	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Visions	105	common	John Matson		
Flux	2U	3	Sorcery	"Each player discards any number of cards, then draws that many cards.
Draw a card."	U	U	Weatherlight	39	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Haunting Misery	1BB	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile X creature cards from your graveyard.
Haunting Misery deals X damage to target player or planeswalker."	B	B	Weatherlight	71	common	Gary Leach		
Shattered Crypt	XBB	2	Sorcery	Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand. You lose X life.	B	B	Weatherlight	80	common	Gary Leach		
Tendrils of Despair	B	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Target opponent discards two cards."	B	B	Weatherlight	83	common	John Coulthart		
Fit of Rage	1R	2	Sorcery	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Weatherlight	102	common	Douglas Shuler		
Disturbed Burial	1B	2	Sorcery	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Tempest	129	common	Heather Hudson		
Evincar's Justice	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Evincar's Justice deals 2 damage to each creature and each player."	B	B	Tempest	134	common	Hannibal King		
Aftershock	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact, creature, or land. Aftershock deals 3 damage to you."	R	R	Tempest	160	common	Hannibal King		
Murderous Compulsion	1B	2	Sorcery	"Destroy target tapped creature.
Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	126	common	David Palumbo		
Rancid Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Rat	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	130	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Rottenheart Ghoul	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Rottenheart Ghoul dies, target player discards a card."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	132	common	Dave Kendall		
Sanitarium Skeleton	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton	{2}{B}: Return Sanitarium Skeleton from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	133	common	Kev Walker		
Shamble Back	B	1	Sorcery	Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. You gain 2 life.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	134	common	Izzy		
Stallion of Ashmouth	3B	4	Creature ? Nightmare Horse	Delirium ? {1}{B}: Stallion of Ashmouth gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	136	common	Chris Rahn		
Stromkirk Mentor	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"When Stromkirk Mentor enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on another target Vampire you control."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	137	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Twins of Maurer Estate	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Madness {2}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	142	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Vampire Noble	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire		B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	143	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Vessel of Malignity	1B	2	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice Vessel of Malignity: Target opponent exiles two cards from their hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	144	common	Kieran Yanner		
Bloodmad Vampire	2R	3	Creature ? Vampire Berserker	"Whenever Bloodmad Vampire deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Madness {1}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	146	common	Johannes Voss		
Ember-Eye Wolf	1R	2	Creature ? Wolf	"Haste
{1}{R}: Ember-Eye Wolf gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	154	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Howlpack Wolf	2R	3	Creature ? Wolf	Howlpack Wolf can't block unless you control another Wolf or Werewolf.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	164	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Hulking Devil	3R	4	Creature ? Devil		R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	165	common	Joseph Meehan		
Insolent Neonate	R	1	Creature ? Vampire	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Discard a card, Sacrifice Insolent Neonate: Draw a card."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	168	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Pyre Hound	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"Trample
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Pyre Hound."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	174	common	Jama Jurabaev		
Reduce to Ashes	4R	5	Sorcery	"Reduce to Ashes deals 5 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	176	common	Jason A. Engle		
Sanguinary Mage	1R	2	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	178	common	David Gaillet		
Senseless Rage	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Madness {1}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	180	common	Raymond Swanland		
Structural Distortion	3R	4	Sorcery	Exile target artifact or land. Structural Distortion deals 2 damage to that permanent's controller.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	185	common	Jung Park		
Vessel of Volatility	1R	2	Enchantment	"{1}{R}, Sacrifice Vessel of Volatility: Add {R}{R}{R}{R}."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	189	common	Kieran Yanner		
Voldaren Duelist	3R	4	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Haste
When Voldaren Duelist enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	191	common	Jason Rainville		
Byway Courier	2G	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Byway Courier dies, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	196	common	Zoltan Boros		
Equestrian Skill	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
As long as enchanted creature is a Human, it has trample."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	204	common	Zoltan Boros		
Fork in the Road	1G	2	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two basic land cards and reveal them. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	205	common	Jung Park		
Intrepid Provisioner	3G	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"Trample
When Intrepid Provisioner enters the battlefield, another target Human you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	213	common	Lius Lasahido		
Kessig Dire Swine	4GG	6	Creature ? Boar Horror	Delirium ? Kessig Dire Swine has trample as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	214	common	Jason Kang		
Loam Dryad	G	1	Creature ? Dryad Horror	"{T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	216	common	Jose Cabrera		
Moldgraf Scavenger	1G	2	Creature ? Fungus	Delirium ? Moldgraf Scavenger gets +3/+0 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	218	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Quilled Wolf	1G	2	Creature ? Wolf	{5}{G}: Quilled Wolf gets +4/+4 until end of turn.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	222	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Root Out	2G	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	224	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Stoic Builder	2G	3	Creature ? Human	"When Stoic Builder enters the battlefield, you may return target land card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	231	common	Howard Lyon		
Vessel of Nascency	G	1	Enchantment	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Vessel of Nascency: Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put an artifact, creature, enchantment, land, or planeswalker card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	237	common	Kieran Yanner		
Watcher in the Web	4G	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Watcher in the Web can block an additional seven creatures each combat."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	239	common	Vincent Proce		
Shard of Broken Glass	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Shadows over Innistrad	262	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
True-Faith Censer	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.
As long as equipped creature is a Human, it gets an additional +1/+0.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Shadows over Innistrad	267	common	Christine Choi		
Wicker Witch	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow				Shadows over Innistrad	268	common	Izzy		
Warped Landscape		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Warped Landscape: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."			Shadows over Innistrad	280	common	Cliff Childs		
It of the Horrid Swarm	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi Insect	"Emerge {6}{G} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, create two 1/1 green Insect creature tokens."		G	Eldritch Moon	8	common	Jason Felix		
Wretched Gryff	7	7	Creature ? Eldrazi Hippogriff	"Emerge {5}{U} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, draw a card.
Flying"		U	Eldritch Moon	12	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Choking Restraints	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
{3}{W}{W}, Sacrifice Choking Restraints: Exile enchanted creature."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	16	common	John Stanko		
Dawn Gryff	2W	3	Creature ? Hippogriff	Flying	W	W	Eldritch Moon	19	common	Christine Choi		
Desperate Sentry	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Desperate Sentry dies, create a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token.
Delirium ? Desperate Sentry gets +3/+0 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	21	common	Mathias Kollros		
Faithbearer Paladin	4W	5	Creature ? Human Knight	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Eldritch Moon	25	common	Aaron Miller		
Fiend Binder	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Fiend Binder attacks, tap target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	26	common	David Gaillet		
Guardian of Pilgrims	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"When Guardian of Pilgrims enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	30	common	Noah Bradley		
Ironclad Slayer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Ironclad Slayer enters the battlefield, you may return target Aura or Equipment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	31	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Ironwright's Cleansing	2W	3	Sorcery	Exile target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Eldritch Moon	32	common	John Stanko		
Lunarch Mantle	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""{1}, Sacrifice a permanent: This creature gains flying until end of turn."""	W	W	Eldritch Moon	35	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Sigardian Priest	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}, {T}: Tap target non-Human creature."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	42	common	Terese Nielsen		
Spectral Reserves	3W	4	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. You gain 2 life.	W	W	Eldritch Moon	43	common	Seb McKinnon		
Steadfast Cathar	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Steadfast Cathar attacks, it gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	44	common	Dan Scott		
Thraben Standard Bearer	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	48	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Contingency Plan	1U	2	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.	U	U	Eldritch Moon	52	common	Ryan Yee		
Drag Under	2U	3	Sorcery	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	57	common	Tianhua X		
Enlightened Maniac	3U	4	Creature ? Human	"When Enlightened Maniac enters the battlefield, create a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	58	common	Jaime Jones		
Exultant Cultist	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Exultant Cultist dies, draw a card."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	59	common	Joseph Meehan		
Fogwalker	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
When Fogwalker enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	60	common	Seb McKinnon		
Ingenious Skaab	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{U}: Ingenious Skaab gets +1/-1 until end of turn."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	66	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Laboratory Brute	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"When Laboratory Brute enters the battlefield, put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	67	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Spontaneous Mutation	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-0, where X is the number of cards in your graveyard."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	74	common	Christopher Moeller		
Take Inventory	1U	2	Sorcery	"Draw a card, then draw cards equal to the number of cards named Take Inventory in your graveyard."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	76	common	Greg Staples		
Tattered Haunter	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Tattered Haunter can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	77	common	Nils Hamm		
Boon of Emrakul	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/-3."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	81	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Cemetery Recruitment	1B	2	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If it's a Zombie card, draw a card."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	83	common	Kieran Yanner		
Certain Death	5B	6	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Its controller loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	84	common	Kev Walker		
Gavony Unhallowed	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Gavony Unhallowed."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	89	common	Christopher Moeller		
Olivia's Dragoon	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Berserker	Discard a card: Olivia's Dragoon gains flying until end of turn.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	100	common	Chris Rallis		
Skirsdag Supplicant	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Each player loses 2 life."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	104	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Strange Augmentation	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Delirium ? Enchanted creature gets an additional +2/+2 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	105	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Thraben Foulbloods	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Hound	Delirium ? Thraben Foulbloods gets +1/+1 and has menace as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard. (A creature with menace can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	B	B	Eldritch Moon	108	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Wailing Ghoul	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"When Wailing Ghoul enters the battlefield, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	112	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Weirded Vampire	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Horror	"Madness {2}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Eldritch Moon	113	common	David Gaillet		
Alchemist's Greeting	4R	5	Sorcery	"Alchemist's Greeting deals 4 damage to target creature.
Madness {1}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon	116	common	Jakub Kasper		
Bold Impaler	R	1	Creature ? Vampire Knight	{2}{R}: Bold Impaler gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Eldritch Moon	120	common	Karl Kopinski		
Brazen Wolves	2R	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Whenever Brazen Wolves attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	122	common	Nils Hamm		
Distemper of the Blood	1R	2	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.
Madness {R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon	126	common	Ben Maier		
Falkenrath Reaver	1R	2	Creature ? Vampire		R	R	Eldritch Moon	127	common	Daarken		
Make Mischief	2R	3	Sorcery	"Make Mischief deals 1 damage to any target. Create a 1/1 red Devil creature token. It has ""When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Eldritch Moon	135	common	Ben Maier		
Prophetic Ravings	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has haste and ""{T}, Discard a card: Draw a card."""	R	R	Eldritch Moon	139	common	Lucas Graciano		
Stensia Banquet	2R	3	Sorcery	"Stensia Banquet deals damage to target opponent or planeswalker equal to the number of Vampires you control.
Draw a card."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	144	common	Greg Opalinski		
Stensia Innkeeper	3R	4	Creature ? Vampire	"When Stensia Innkeeper enters the battlefield, tap target land an opponent controls. That land doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	145	common	Winona Nelson		
Backwoods Survivalists	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	Delirium ? Backwoods Survivalists gets +1/+1 and has trample as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	G	G	Eldritch Moon	150	common	Chris Rallis		
Bloodbriar	2G	3	Creature ? Plant Elemental	"Whenever you sacrifice another permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodbriar."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	151	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Crossroads Consecrator	G	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{G}, {T}: Target attacking Human gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	154	common	David Gaillet		
Primal Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"When Primal Druid dies, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	167	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Swift Spinner	3G	4	Creature ? Spider	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Eldritch Moon	173	common	Nils Hamm		
Woodland Patrol	2G	3	Creature ? Human Scout	Vigilance	G	G	Eldritch Moon	180	common	James Ryman		
Cathar's Shield	0	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+3 and has vigilance.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Eldritch Moon	192	common	Mark Zug		
Cultist's Staff	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Eldritch Moon	194	common	Adam Paquette		
Aviary Mechanic	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"When Aviary Mechanic enters the battlefield, you may return another permanent you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Kaladesh	6	common	Mark Zug		
Eddytrail Hawk	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Eddytrail Hawk enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Eddytrail Hawk attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, another target attacking creature gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	12	common	James Paick		
Glint-Sleeve Artisan	2W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"	W	W	Kaladesh	17	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Herald of the Fair	2W	3	Creature ? Human	"When Herald of the Fair enters the battlefield, target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	18	common	Steven Belledin		
Propeller Pioneer	3W	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Flying
Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"	W	W	Kaladesh	24	common	Winona Nelson		
Revoke Privileges	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack, block, or crew Vehicles."	W	W	Kaladesh	26	common	James Ryman		
Skyswirl Harrier	4W	5	Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Kaladesh	28	common	John Severin Brassell		
Thriving Ibex	3W	4	Creature ? Goat	"When Thriving Ibex enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Thriving Ibex attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Kaladesh	31	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Aether Theorist	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Rogue	"When Aether Theorist enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Kaladesh	37	common	Lucas Graciano		
Curio Vendor	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken		U	U	Kaladesh	42	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Gearseeker Serpent	5UU	7	Creature ? Serpent	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.
{5}{U}: Gearseeker Serpent can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Kaladesh	48	common	Filip Burburan		
Hightide Hermit	4U	5	Creature ? Crab	"Defender
When Hightide Hermit enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E}{E} (four energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}: Hightide Hermit can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Kaladesh	51	common	Jason Kang		
Malfunction	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or creature
When Malfunction enters the battlefield, tap enchanted permanent.
Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Kaladesh	55	common	Izzy		
Nimble Innovator	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"When Nimble Innovator enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Kaladesh	58	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Tezzeret's Ambition	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Draw three cards. If you control no artifacts, discard a card."	U	U	Kaladesh	65	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Thriving Turtle	U	1	Creature ? Turtle	"When Thriving Turtle enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Thriving Turtle attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Kaladesh	66	common	Jeff Simpson		
Vedalken Blademaster	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Soldier	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Kaladesh	68	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Weldfast Wingsmith	3U	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Weldfast Wingsmith gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Kaladesh	69	common	Dan Scott		
Ambitious Aetherborn	4B	5	Creature ? Aetherborn Artificer	"Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"	B	B	Kaladesh	72	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Dhund Operative	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"As long as you control an artifact, Dhund Operative gets +1/+0 and has deathtouch. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Kaladesh	74	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Die Young	1B	2	Sorcery	"Choose target creature. You get {E}{E} (two energy counters), then you may pay any amount of {E}. The creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each {E} paid this way."	B	B	Kaladesh	76	common	Ryan Yee		
Dukhara Scavenger	5B	6	Creature ? Crocodile	"When Dukhara Scavenger enters the battlefield, you may put target artifact or creature card from your graveyard on top of your library."	B	B	Kaladesh	77	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Fortuitous Find	2B	3	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Kaladesh	81	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Foundry Screecher	2B	3	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
Foundry Screecher gets +1/+0 as long as you control an artifact."	B	B	Kaladesh	82	common	Dan Scott		
Lawless Broker	2B	3	Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	"When Lawless Broker dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."	B	B	Kaladesh	86	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Live Fast	2B	3	Sorcery	"You draw two cards, lose 2 life, and get {E}{E} (two energy counters)."	B	B	Kaladesh	87	common	Ryan Yee		
Maulfist Squad	3B	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Menace
Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"	B	B	Kaladesh	91	common	Matt Stewart		
Night Market Lookout	B	1	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Night Market Lookout becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Kaladesh	95	common	Nils Hamm		
Prakhata Club Security	3B	4	Creature ? Aetherborn Warrior		B	B	Kaladesh	98	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Thriving Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"When Thriving Rats enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Thriving Rats attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Kaladesh	102	common	Tom Babbey		
Giant Spectacle	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has menace."	R	R	Kaladesh	116	common	Johann Bodin		
Reckless Fireweaver	1R	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Reckless Fireweaver deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Kaladesh	126	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Renegade Tactics	R	1	Sorcery	"Target creature can't block this turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Kaladesh	127	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Salivating Gremlins	2R	3	Creature ? Gremlin	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Salivating Gremlins gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	129	common	Christopher Burdett		
Spireside Infiltrator	2R	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Spireside Infiltrator becomes tapped, it deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Kaladesh	133	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Spontaneous Artist	3R	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Spontaneous Artist enters the battlefield, you get {E} (an energy counter).
Pay {E}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	134	common	Viktor Titov		
Terror of the Fairgrounds	3R	4	Creature ? Gremlin		R	R	Kaladesh	137	common	Filip Burburan		
Thriving Grubs	1R	2	Creature ? Gremlin	"When Thriving Grubs enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Thriving Grubs attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Kaladesh	138	common	Steve Prescott		
Attune with Aether	G	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. You get {E}{E} (two energy counters)."	G	G	Kaladesh	145	common	Wesley Burt		
Cowl Prowler	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Kaladesh	149	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Highspire Artisan	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Artificer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"	G	G	Kaladesh	157	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Kujar Seedsculptor	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Kujar Seedsculptor enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."	G	G	Kaladesh	159	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Larger Than Life	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Kaladesh	160	common	Jaime Jones		
Peema Outrider	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Artificer	"Trample
Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"	G	G	Kaladesh	166	common	Craig J Spearing		
Riparian Tiger	3GG	5	Creature ? Cat	"Trample
When Riparian Tiger enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Riparian Tiger attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Kaladesh	167	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Sage of Shaila's Claim	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Sage of Shaila's Claim enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters)."	G	G	Kaladesh	168	common	Howard Lyon		
Take Down	G	1	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Take Down deals 4 damage to target creature with flying.
? Take Down deals 1 damage to each creature with flying."	G	G	Kaladesh	170	common	Izzy		
Thriving Rhino	2G	3	Creature ? Rhino	"When Thriving Rhino enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Thriving Rhino attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Kaladesh	171	common	Matt Stewart		
Wild Wanderer	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Wild Wanderer enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Kaladesh	173	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Wily Bandar	G	1	Creature ? Cat Monkey	"{2}{G}: Wily Bandar gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	G	G	Kaladesh	175	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Accomplished Automaton	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"			Kaladesh	191	common	Daarken		
Aradara Express	5	5	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Menace
Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	195	common	Adam Paquette		
Bastion Mastodon	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Elephant	{W}: Bastion Mastodon gains vigilance until end of turn.		W	Kaladesh	197	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Cogworker's Puzzleknot	2	2	Artifact	"When Cogworker's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
{1}{W}, Sacrifice Cogworker's Puzzleknot: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."		W	Kaladesh	201	common	Cliff Childs		
Consulate Skygate	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"			Kaladesh	202	common	John Avon		
Dukhara Peafowl	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Bird	{U}: Dukhara Peafowl gains flying until end of turn.		U	Kaladesh	207	common	Craig J Spearing		
Eager Construct	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Eager Construct enters the battlefield, each player may scry 1. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"			Kaladesh	209	common	Craig J Spearing		
Fireforger's Puzzleknot	2	2	Artifact	"When Fireforger's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any target.
{2}{R}, Sacrifice Fireforger's Puzzleknot: It deals 1 damage to any target."		R	Kaladesh	213	common	Zezhou Chen		
Glassblower's Puzzleknot	2	2	Artifact	"When Glassblower's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, scry 2, then you get {E}{E}. (You get two energy counters. To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)
{2}{U}, Sacrifice Glassblower's Puzzleknot: Scry 2, then you get {E}{E}."		U	Kaladesh	217	common	Kieran Yanner		
Inventor's Goggles	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+2.
Whenever an Artificer enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Inventor's Goggles to it.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Kaladesh	218	common	Jason Felix		
Metalspinner's Puzzleknot	2	2	Artifact	"When Metalspinner's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
{2}{B}, Sacrifice Metalspinner's Puzzleknot: You draw a card and you lose 1 life."		B	Kaladesh	221	common	Vincent Proce		
Narnam Cobra	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Snake	{G}: Narnam Cobra gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)		G	Kaladesh	224	common	Christopher Burdett		
Prakhata Pillar-Bug	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Insect	{B}: Prakhata Pillar-Bug gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)		B	Kaladesh	228	common	Jason Felix		
Renegade Freighter	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Whenever Renegade Freighter attacks, it gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	230	common	Izzy		
Self-Assembler	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Assembly-Worker	"When Self-Assembler enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Assembly-Worker creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Kaladesh	232	common	Noah Bradley		
Sky Skiff	2	2	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	233	common	Richard Wright		
Weldfast Monitor	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Lizard	{R}: Weldfast Monitor gains menace until end of turn.		R	Kaladesh	238	common	Jakub Kasper		
Woodweaver's Puzzleknot	2	2	Artifact	"When Woodweaver's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life and get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
{2}{G}, Sacrifice Woodweaver's Puzzleknot: You gain 3 life and get {E}{E}{E}."		G	Kaladesh	240	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Workshop Assistant	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Workshop Assistant dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."			Kaladesh	241	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Audacious Infiltrator	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Rogue	Audacious Infiltrator can't be blocked by artifact creatures.	W	W	Aether Revolt	7	common	Jakub Kasper		
Bastion Enforcer	2W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier		W	W	Aether Revolt	8	common	Matt Stewart		
Dawnfeather Eagle	4W	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Dawnfeather Eagle enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Aether Revolt	14	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Ghirapur Osprey	2W	3	Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Aether Revolt	20	common	Zezhou Chen		
Dispersal Technician	4U	5	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"When Dispersal Technician enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact to its owner's hand."	U	U	Aether Revolt	32	common	Scott Murphy		
Hinterland Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Hinterland Drake can't block artifact creatures."	U	U	Aether Revolt	34	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Shipwreck Moray	3U	4	Creature ? Fish	"When Shipwreck Moray enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E}{E} (four energy counters).
Pay {E}: Shipwreck Moray gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	U	U	Aether Revolt	45	common	Mike Bierek		
Aether Poisoner	1B	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
When Aether Poisoner enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Aether Poisoner attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	B	B	Aether Revolt	51	common	Yongjae Choi		
Alley Strangler	2B	3	Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	Menace	B	B	Aether Revolt	52	common	Efflam Mercier		
Daring Demolition	2BB	4	Sorcery	Destroy target creature or Vehicle.	B	B	Aether Revolt	55	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Defiant Salvager	2B	3	Creature ? Aetherborn Artificer	Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Defiant Salvager. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	B	B	Aether Revolt	56	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Fourth Bridge Prowler	B	1	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Fourth Bridge Prowler enters the battlefield, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	60	common	John Silva		
Night Market Aeronaut	3B	4	Creature ? Aetherborn Warrior	"Flying
Revolt ? Night Market Aeronaut enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	67	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Resourceful Return	1B	2	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If you control an artifact, draw a card."	B	B	Aether Revolt	70	common	Titus Lunter		
Aether Chaser	1R	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"First strike
When Aether Chaser enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Aether Chaser attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	R	R	Aether Revolt	76	common	Jason Rainville		
Chandra's Revolution	3R	4	Sorcery	Chandra's Revolution deals 4 damage to target creature. Tap target land. That land doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.	R	R	Aether Revolt	77	common	Clint Cearley		
Destructive Tampering	2R	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Creatures without flying can't block this turn."	R	R	Aether Revolt	78	common	Titus Lunter		
Embraal Gear-Smasher	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Embraal Gear-Smasher deals 2 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Aether Revolt	79	common	Joseph Meehan		
Frontline Rebel	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	Frontline Rebel attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Aether Revolt	82	common	Winona Nelson		
Lathnu Sailback	4R	5	Creature ? Lizard		R	R	Aether Revolt	89	common	Christopher Burdett		
Sweatworks Brawler	3R	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Menace"	R	R	Aether Revolt	100	common	Zack Stella		
Wrangle	1R	2	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature with power 4 or less until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Aether Revolt	101	common	Jason Rainville		
Aether Herder	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Artificer Druid	"When Aether Herder enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Aether Herder attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	G	G	Aether Revolt	102	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Aetherstream Leopard	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"Trample
When Aetherstream Leopard enters the battlefield, you get {E} (an energy counter).
Whenever Aetherstream Leopard attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Aether Revolt	103	common	Winona Nelson		
Lifecraft Cavalry	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Trample
Revolt ? Lifecraft Cavalry enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn."	G	G	Aether Revolt	113	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Scrounging Bandar	1G	2	Creature ? Cat Monkey	"Scrounging Bandar enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move any number of +1/+1 counters from Scrounging Bandar onto another target creature."	G	G	Aether Revolt	124	common	Shreya Shetty		
Silkweaver Elite	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Revolt ? When Silkweaver Elite enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, draw a card."	G	G	Aether Revolt	125	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Aegis Automaton	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{4}{W}: Return another target creature you control to its owner's hand.		W	Aether Revolt	141	common	Kieran Yanner		
Consulate Turret	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: You get {E} (an energy counter).
{T}, Pay {E}{E}{E}: Consulate Turret deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."			Aether Revolt	147	common	Eric Deschamps		
Filigree Crawler	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"When Filigree Crawler dies, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."			Aether Revolt	150	common	James Paick		
Foundry Assembler	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Assembly-Worker	Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)			Aether Revolt	151	common	Karl Kopinski		
Implement of Combustion	1	1	Artifact	"{R}, Sacrifice Implement of Combustion: It deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
When Implement of Combustion is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."		R	Aether Revolt	155	common	Efflam Mercier		
Implement of Improvement	1	1	Artifact	"{W}, Sacrifice Implement of Improvement: You gain 2 life.
When Implement of Improvement is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."		W	Aether Revolt	158	common	Kieran Yanner		
Mobile Garrison	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Whenever Mobile Garrison attacks, untap another target artifact or creature you control.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Aether Revolt	165	common	Cliff Childs		
Night Market Guard	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Night Market Guard can block an additional creature each combat.			Aether Revolt	166	common	Steve Argyle		
Prizefighter Construct	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct				Aether Revolt	172	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Renegade Map	1	1	Artifact	"Renegade Map enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Renegade Map: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Aether Revolt	173	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Reservoir Walker	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Reservoir Walker enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life and get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters)."			Aether Revolt	174	common	Johann Bodin		
Universal Solvent	1	1	Artifact	"{7}, {T}, Sacrifice Universal Solvent: Destroy target permanent."			Aether Revolt	178	common	Christopher Moeller		
Verdant Automaton	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{3}{G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Verdant Automaton.		G	Aether Revolt	180	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Watchful Automaton	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{2}{U}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)		U	Aether Revolt	182	common	Eric Deschamps		
Welder Automaton	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{3}{R}: Welder Automaton deals 1 damage to each opponent.		R	Aether Revolt	183	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Anointer Priest	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever a creature token enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.
Embalm {3}{W} ({3}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Human Cleric with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	3	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Binding Mummy	1W	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever another Zombie enters the battlefield under your control, you may tap target artifact or creature."	W	W	Amonkhet	6	common	Shreya Shetty		
Cartouche of Solidarity	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura Cartouche	"Enchant creature you control
When Cartouche of Solidarity enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token with vigilance.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has first strike."	W	W	Amonkhet	7	common	Kieran Yanner		
Compulsory Rest	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
Enchanted creature has ""{2}, Sacrifice this creature: You gain 2 life."""	W	W	Amonkhet	9	common	Eric Deschamps		
Fan Bearer	W	1	Creature ? Zombie	"{2}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Amonkhet	12	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Gust Walker	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"You may exert Gust Walker as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	17	common	Jason Rainville		
Sacred Cat	W	1	Creature ? Cat	"Lifelink
Embalm {W} ({W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Cat with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	27	common	Zezhou Chen		
Tah-Crop Elite	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
You may exert Tah-Crop Elite as it attacks. When you do, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	31	common	Raoul Vitale		
Those Who Serve	2W	3	Creature ? Zombie		W	W	Amonkhet	32	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Unwavering Initiate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Vigilance
Embalm {4}{W} ({4}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Human Warrior with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	36	common	Greg Opalinski		
Winged Shepherd	5W	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
Cycling {W} ({W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	39	common	Chris Rahn		
Cartouche of Knowledge	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura Cartouche	"Enchant creature you control
When Cartouche of Knowledge enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying."	U	U	Amonkhet	45	common	Kieran Yanner		
Compelling Argument	1U	2	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	47	common	Lucas Graciano		
Floodwaters	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	53	common	Jung Park		
Hekma Sentinels	2U	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Hekma Sentinels gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Amonkhet	56	common	James Ryman		
Illusory Wrappings	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has base power and toughness 0/2."	U	U	Amonkhet	58	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
River Serpent	5U	6	Creature ? Serpent	"River Serpent can't attack unless there are five or more cards in your graveyard.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	66	common	Christopher Moeller		
Scribe of the Mindful	2U	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Scribe of the Mindful: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Amonkhet	68	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Shimmerscale Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	70	common	Tony Foti		
Slither Blade	U	1	Creature ? Naga Rogue	Slither Blade can't be blocked.	U	U	Amonkhet	71	common	Zezhou Chen		
Tah-Crop Skirmisher	1U	2	Creature ? Naga Warrior	"Embalm {3}{U} ({3}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Naga Warrior with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	72	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Cartouche of Ambition	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura Cartouche	"Enchant creature you control
When Cartouche of Ambition enters the battlefield, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has lifelink."	B	B	Amonkhet	83	common	Kieran Yanner		
Cursed Minotaur	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Minotaur	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	B	B	Amonkhet	85	common	David Palumbo		
Festering Mummy	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"When Festering Mummy dies, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	B	B	Amonkhet	91	common	Christopher Burdett		
Horror of the Broken Lands	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	"Whenever you cycle or discard another card, Horror of the Broken Lands gets +2/+1 until end of turn.
Cycling {B} ({B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Amonkhet	95	common	Daarken		
Miasmic Mummy	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Jackal	"When Miasmic Mummy enters the battlefield, each player discards a card."	B	B	Amonkhet	100	common	E. M. Gist		
Painful Lesson	2B	3	Sorcery	Target player draws two cards and loses 2 life.	B	B	Amonkhet	102	common	Adrian Majkrzak		
Pitiless Vizier	3B	4	Creature ? Minotaur Cleric	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Pitiless Vizier gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)"	B	B	Amonkhet	103	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Soulstinger	3B	4	Creature ? Scorpion Demon	"When Soulstinger enters the battlefield, put two -1/-1 counters on target creature you control.
When Soulstinger dies, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature for each -1/-1 counter on Soulstinger."	B	B	Amonkhet	108	common	Mike Burns		
Trespasser's Curse	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under enchanted player's control, that player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Amonkhet	112	common	David Palumbo		
Wander in Death	2B	3	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Amonkhet	115	common	Seb McKinnon		
Wasteland Scorpion	2B	3	Creature ? Scorpion	"Deathtouch
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Amonkhet	116	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Blazing Volley	R	1	Sorcery	Blazing Volley deals 1 damage to each creature your opponents control.	R	R	Amonkhet	119	common	Zezhou Chen		
Bloodlust Inciter	R	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	{T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Amonkhet	120	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Cartouche of Zeal	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura Cartouche	"Enchant creature you control
When Cartouche of Zeal enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has haste."	R	R	Amonkhet	124	common	Kieran Yanner		
Emberhorn Minotaur	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"You may exert Emberhorn Minotaur as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	130	common	Viktor Titov		
Nef-Crop Entangler	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
You may exert Nef-Crop Entangler as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+2 until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	144	common	Dan Scott		
Nimble-Blade Khenra	1R	2	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	145	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Thresher Lizard	2R	3	Creature ? Lizard	Thresher Lizard gets +1/+2 as long as you have one or fewer cards in hand.	R	R	Amonkhet	150	common	Craig J Spearing		
Violent Impact	3R	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact or land.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	154	common	Jason Rainville		
Benefaction of Rhonas	2G	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card and/or an enchantment card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Amonkhet	156	common	Tommy Arnold		
Bitterblade Warrior	1G	2	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"You may exert Bitterblade Warrior as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+0 and gains deathtouch until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	157	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Cartouche of Strength	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura Cartouche	"Enchant creature you control
When Cartouche of Strength enters the battlefield, you may have enchanted creature fight target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample."	G	G	Amonkhet	158	common	Kieran Yanner		
Greater Sandwurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Greater Sandwurm can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	168	common	Steven Belledin		
Initiate's Companion	1G	2	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Initiate's Companion deals combat damage to a player, untap target creature or land."	G	G	Amonkhet	174	common	Dan Scott		
Naga Vitalist	1G	2	Creature ? Naga Druid	{T}: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.	G	G	Amonkhet	176	common	James Ryman		
Oashra Cultivator	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"{2}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Oashra Cultivator: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Amonkhet	177	common	Sara Winters		
Ornery Kudu	2G	3	Creature ? Antelope	"When Ornery Kudu enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature you control."	G	G	Amonkhet	178	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Pouncing Cheetah	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	Flash	G	G	Amonkhet	179	common	Matt Stewart		
Honed Khopesh	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Amonkhet	230	common	Aaron Miller		
Luxa River Shrine	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: You gain 1 life. Put a brick counter on Luxa River Shrine.
{T}: You gain 2 life. Activate this ability only if there are three or more brick counters on Luxa River Shrine."			Amonkhet	232	common	Sung Choi		
Cradle of the Accursed		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Cradle of the Accursed: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Amonkhet	241	common	Noah Bradley		
Painted Bluffs		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Amonkhet	246	common	Mark Poole		
Sunscorched Desert		0	Land ? Desert	"When Sunscorched Desert enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{T}: Add {C}."			Amonkhet	249	common	Min Yum		
Dauntless Aven	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
Whenever Dauntless Aven attacks, untap target creature you control."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	7	common	Zack Stella		
Disposal Mummy	2W	3	Creature ? Zombie Jackal	"When Disposal Mummy enters the battlefield, exile target card from an opponent's graveyard."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	9	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Dutiful Servants	3W	4	Creature ? Zombie		W	W	Hour of Devastation	12	common	Volkan Ba?a		
God-Pharaoh's Faithful	W	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast a blue, black, or red spell, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	14	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Mummy Paramount	1W	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever another Zombie enters the battlefield under your control, Mummy Paramount gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	16	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Oketra's Avenger	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Oketra's Avenger as it attacks. When you do, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to it this turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	17	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Steadfast Sentinel	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Vigilance
Eternalize {4}{W}{W} ({4}{W}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Human Cleric with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	24	common	Karl Kopinski		
Aven Reedstalker	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flash
Flying"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	30	common	Scott Murphy		
Cunning Survivor	1U	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Cunning Survivor gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	33	common	Zoltan Boros		
Spellweaver Eternal	1U	2	Creature ? Zombie Naga Wizard	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Afflict 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 2 life.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	46	common	Jason Felix		
Unquenchable Thirst	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Unquenchable Thirst enters the battlefield, if you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	53	common	Jeremy Wilson		
Carrion Screecher	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Bird	Flying	B	B	Hour of Devastation	61	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Khenra Eternal	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Jackal Warrior	"Afflict 1 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 1 life.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	66	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Lethal Sting	2B	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, put a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control.
Destroy target creature."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	67	common	Randy Vargas		
Lurching Rotbeast	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"Cycling {B} ({B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	69	common	Jason A. Engle		
Marauding Boneslasher	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Minotaur	Marauding Boneslasher can't block unless you control another Zombie.	B	B	Hour of Devastation	70	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Moaning Wall	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Wall	"Defender
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	72	common	Piotr Jab?o?ski		
Ruin Rat	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"Deathtouch
When Ruin Rat dies, exile target card from an opponent's graveyard."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	75	common	Shreya Shetty		
Wretched Camel	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Camel	"When Wretched Camel dies, if you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard, target player discards a card."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	82	common	Dan Scott		
Firebrand Archer	1R	2	Creature ? Human Archer	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Firebrand Archer deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	92	common	John Stanko		
Frontline Devastator	3R	4	Creature ? Zombie Minotaur Warrior	"Afflict 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 2 life.)
{1}{R}: Frontline Devastator gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	93	common	Tommy Arnold		
Granitic Titan	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Menace
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Hour of Devastation	95	common	Yohann Schepacz		
Khenra Scrapper	2R	3	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"Menace
You may exert Khenra Scrapper as it attacks. When you do, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Hour of Devastation	100	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Beneath the Sands	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	111	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Feral Prowler	1G	2	Creature ? Cat	"When Feral Prowler dies, draw a card."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	115	common	Ben Wootten		
Frilled Sandwalla	G	1	Creature ? Lizard	{1}{G}: Frilled Sandwalla gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	116	common	Zezhou Chen		
Harrier Naga	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Warrior		G	G	Hour of Devastation	118	common	Filip Burburan		
Oasis Ritualist	3G	4	Creature ? Naga Druid	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
{T}, Exert Oasis Ritualist: Add two mana of any one color. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	124	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Rampaging Hippo	4GG	6	Creature ? Hippo	"Trample
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	128	common	Aaron Miller		
Sidewinder Naga	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Warrior	"As long as you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard, Sidewinder Naga gets +1/+0 and has trample."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	134	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Wall of Forgotten Pharaohs	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{T}: Wall of Forgotten Pharaohs deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker. Activate this ability only if you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard."			Hour of Devastation	168	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Desert of the Fervent		0	Land ? Desert	"Desert of the Fervent enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
Cycling {1}{R} ({1}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		R	Hour of Devastation	170	common	Titus Lunter		
Desert of the Glorified		0	Land ? Desert	"Desert of the Glorified enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
Cycling {1}{B} ({1}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		B	Hour of Devastation	171	common	Jonas De Ro		
Desert of the Indomitable		0	Land ? Desert	"Desert of the Indomitable enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
Cycling {1}{G} ({1}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		G	Hour of Devastation	172	common	James Paick		
Desert of the Mindful		0	Land ? Desert	"Desert of the Mindful enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
Cycling {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		U	Hour of Devastation	173	common	Christine Choi		
Desert of the True		0	Land ? Desert	"Desert of the True enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
Cycling {1}{W} ({1}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		W	Hour of Devastation	174	common	Jung Park		
Survivors' Encampment		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color."			Hour of Devastation	184	common	Jonas De Ro		
Arashin Cleric	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Arashin Cleric enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Fate Reforged	5	common	Chris Rahn		
Aven Skirmisher	W	1	Creature ? Bird Warrior	Flying	W	W	Fate Reforged	6	common	Jason Rainville		
Jeskai Sage	1U	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Jeskai Sage dies, draw a card."	U	U	Fate Reforged	38	common	Craig J Spearing		
Sultai Skullkeeper	1U	2	Creature ? Naga Shaman	"When Sultai Skullkeeper enters the battlefield, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard."	U	U	Fate Reforged	53	common	Ryan Barger		
Gurmag Angler	6B	7	Creature ? Zombie Fish	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)	B	B	Fate Reforged	72	common	YW Tang		
Sultai Emissary	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"When Sultai Emissary dies, manifest the top card of your library. (Put that card onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	85	common	Mathias Kollros		
Fierce Invocation	4R	5	Sorcery	"Manifest the top card of your library, then put two +1/+1 counters on it. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	98	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Goblin Heelcutter	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Whenever Goblin Heelcutter attacks, target creature can't block this turn.
Dash {2}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	102	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Lightning Shrieker	4R	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, Lightning Shrieker's owner shuffles it into their library."	R	R	Fate Reforged	106	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Mardu Scout	RR	2	Creature ? Goblin Scout	"Dash {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	108	common	Zoltan Boros		
Ainok Guide	1G	2	Creature ? Hound Scout	"When Ainok Guide enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on Ainok Guide.
? Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	G	G	Fate Reforged	121	common	Lucas Graciano		
Sandstorm Charger	4W	5	Creature ? Beast	Megamorph {4}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	34	common	Dave Kendall		
Student of Ojutai	3W	4	Creature ? Human Monk	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	40	common	Jason A. Engle		
Taigam's Strike	3U	4	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	81	common	David Gaillet		
Impact Tremors	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, Impact Tremors deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	140	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Colossodon Yearling	2G	3	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	178	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Sparkmage's Gambit	1R	2	Sorcery	Sparkmage's Gambit deals 1 damage to each of up to two target creatures. Those creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	117	common	Mathias Kollros		
Thraben Inspector	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Thraben Inspector enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	44	common	Matt Stewart		
Thermo-Alchemist	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Defender
{T}: Thermo-Alchemist deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, untap Thermo-Alchemist."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	147	common	Raymond Swanland		
Fragmentize	W	1	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or enchantment with converted mana cost 4 or less.	W	W	Kaladesh	14	common	Jason Felix		
Ninth Bridge Patrol	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	"Whenever another creature you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Ninth Bridge Patrol."	W	W	Kaladesh	22	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Tasseled Dromedary	W	1	Creature ? Camel		W	W	Kaladesh	30	common	Raoul Vitale		
Cathartic Reunion	1R	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard two cards.
Draw three cards."	R	R	Kaladesh	109	common	Howard Lyon		
Ruinous Gremlin	R	1	Creature ? Gremlin	"{2}{R}, Sacrifice Ruinous Gremlin: Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Kaladesh	128	common	Steve Prescott		
Wayward Giant	4R	5	Creature ? Giant	Menace	R	R	Kaladesh	139	common	Filip Burburan		
Torch Gauntlet	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Kaladesh	237	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Aether Inspector	3W	4	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"Vigilance
When Aether Inspector enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Aether Inspector attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	W	W	Aether Revolt	3	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Caught in the Brights	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block.
When a Vehicle you control attacks, exile enchanted creature."	W	W	Aether Revolt	10	common	Kieran Yanner		
Countless Gears Renegade	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"Revolt ? When Countless Gears Renegade enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	W	W	Aether Revolt	13	common	Dan Scott		
Aether Swooper	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"Flying
When Aether Swooper enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Aether Swooper attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	U	U	Aether Revolt	26	common	James Ryman		
Bastion Inventor	5U	6	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Aether Revolt	30	common	Tony Foti		
Ice Over	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Aether Revolt	35	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Fen Hauler	6B	7	Creature ? Insect	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Fen Hauler can't be blocked by artifact creatures."	B	B	Aether Revolt	58	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Unbridled Growth	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color.""
Sacrifice Unbridled Growth: Draw a card."	G	G	Aether Revolt	126	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Augmenting Automaton	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{1}{B}: Augmenting Automaton gets +1/+1 until end of turn.		B	Aether Revolt	143	common	Jason Rainville		
Implement of Examination	3	3	Artifact	"{U}, Sacrifice Implement of Examination: Draw a card.
When Implement of Examination is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."		U	Aether Revolt	156	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Implement of Ferocity	1	1	Artifact	"{G}, Sacrifice Implement of Ferocity: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
When Implement of Ferocity is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."		G	Aether Revolt	157	common	Jason Kang		
Implement of Malice	2	2	Artifact	"{B}, Sacrifice Implement of Malice: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
When Implement of Malice is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card."		B	Aether Revolt	159	common	Titus Lunter		
Irontread Crusher	4	4	Artifact ? Vehicle	Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)			Aether Revolt	161	common	Jason A. Engle		
Rhet-Crop Spearmaster	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Rhet-Crop Spearmaster as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	26	common	Dan Scott		
Sparring Mummy	3W	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Sparring Mummy enters the battlefield, untap target creature."	W	W	Amonkhet	29	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Supply Caravan	4W	5	Creature ? Camel	"When Supply Caravan enters the battlefield, if you control a tapped creature, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Amonkhet	30	common	Nils Hamm		
Aven Initiate	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
Embalm {6}{U} ({6}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Bird Warrior with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	43	common	Jakub Kasper		
Naga Oracle	3U	4	Creature ? Naga Cleric	"When Naga Oracle enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order."	U	U	Amonkhet	62	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Seeker of Insight	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card. Activate this ability only if you've cast a noncreature spell this turn."	U	U	Amonkhet	69	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Blighted Bat	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Bat	"Flying
{1}: Blighted Bat gains haste until end of turn."	B	B	Amonkhet	80	common	Nils Hamm		
Dune Beetle	1B	2	Creature ? Insect		B	B	Amonkhet	89	common	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Desert Cerodon	5R	6	Creature ? Beast	"Cycling {R} ({R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	128	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Hyena Pack	2RR	4	Creature ? Hyena		R	R	Amonkhet	139	common	Winona Nelson		
Manticore of the Gauntlet	4R	5	Creature ? Manticore	"When Manticore of the Gauntlet enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature you control. Manticore of the Gauntlet deals 3 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Amonkhet	142	common	James Paick		
Minotaur Sureshot	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{1}{R}: Minotaur Sureshot gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Amonkhet	143	common	Joseph Meehan		
Pathmaker Initiate	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn.	R	R	Amonkhet	146	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Colossapede	4G	5	Creature ? Insect		G	G	Amonkhet	161	common	Jason Kang		
Hooded Brawler	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Warrior	"You may exert Hooded Brawler as it attacks. When you do, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	173	common	Daarken		
Quarry Hauler	3G	4	Creature ? Camel	"When Quarry Hauler enters the battlefield, for each kind of counter on target permanent, put another counter of that kind on it or remove one from it."	G	G	Amonkhet	181	common	David Gaillet		
Aven of Enduring Hope	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
When Aven of Enduring Hope enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	5	common	James Ryman		
Solitary Camel	2W	3	Creature ? Camel	Solitary Camel has lifelink as long as you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard. (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Hour of Devastation	23	common	Aaron Miller		
Aerial Guide	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Whenever Aerial Guide attacks, another target attacking creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	29	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Proven Combatant	U	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Eternalize {4}{U}{U} ({4}{U}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Human Warrior with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	42	common	Clint Cearley		
Seer of the Last Tomorrow	2U	3	Creature ? Naga Cleric	"{U}, {T}, Discard a card: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	44	common	Sara Winters		
Striped Riverwinder	6U	7	Creature ? Serpent	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	48	common	Craig J Spearing		
Grisly Survivor	2B	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Grisly Survivor gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	64	common	Seb McKinnon		
Scrounger of Souls	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	B	B	Hour of Devastation	76	common	Zezhou Chen		
Defiant Khenra	1R	2	Creature ? Jackal Warrior		R	R	Hour of Devastation	89	common	David Palumbo		
Gilded Cerodon	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Gilded Cerodon attacks, if you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	94	common	Matt Stewart		
Puncturing Blow	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Puncturing Blow deals 5 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	106	common	Eric Deschamps		
Thorned Moloch	2R	3	Creature ? Lizard	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Thorned Moloch has first strike as long as it's attacking."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	108	common	James Paick		
Bitterbow Sharpshooters	4G	5	Creature ? Jackal Archer	"Vigilance, reach"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	112	common	Bram Sels		
Rhonas's Stalwart	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Rhonas's Stalwart as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less this turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	133	common	Bram Sels		
Graven Abomination	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Horror	"Whenever Graven Abomination attacks, exile target card from defending player's graveyard."			Hour of Devastation	162	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Summit Prowler	2RR	4	Creature ? Yeti		R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	160	common	Filip Burburan		
Dutiful Return	3B	4	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	110	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Netcaster Spider	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Netcaster Spider blocks a creature with flying, Netcaster Spider gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	137	common	Zoltan Boros		
Magmatic Chasm	1R	2	Sorcery	Creatures without flying can't block this turn.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	172	common	James Paick		
Ancient Crab	1UU	3	Creature ? Crab		U	U	Amonkhet	40	common	James Paick		
Strategic Planning	1U	2	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	U	U	Hour of Devastation	47	common	Matt Stewart		
Wastes		0	Basic Land	{T}: Add {C}.			Oath of the Gatewatch	183	common	Jason Felix		
Terrain Elemental	1G	2	Creature ? Elemental		G	G	Kaladesh	272	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Inspiring Roar	3W	4	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	W	W	Aether Revolt	186	common	Chris Rahn		
Graceful Cat	2W	3	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Graceful Cat attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Amonkhet	273	common	John Stanko		
Brambleweft Behemoth	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Hour of Devastation	202	common	Florian de Gesincourt		
Zealot of the God-Pharaoh	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Archer	{4}{R}: Zealot of the God-Pharaoh deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.	R	R	Hour of Devastation	207	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Lotus-Eye Mystics	3W	4	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Lotus-Eye Mystics enters the battlefield, return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Fate Reforged	17	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Wandering Champion	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Whenever Wandering Champion deals combat damage to a player, if you control a blue or red permanent, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	W	W	Fate Reforged	29	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Scion of Ugin	6	6	Creature ? Dragon Spirit	Flying			Dragons of Tarkir	1	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Dragonlord's Servant	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	Dragon spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	138	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Ainok Survivalist	1G	2	Creature ? Hound Shaman	"Megamorph {1}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Ainok Survivalist is turned face up, destroy target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	172	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Jaddi Offshoot	G	1	Creature ? Plant	"Defender
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	176	uncommon	Daarken		
Artful Maneuver	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	4	common	Lars Grant-West		
Center Soul	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	8	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Enduring Victory	4W	5	Instant	Destroy target attacking or blocking creature. Bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	16	common	Mike Sass		
Fate Forgotten	2W	3	Instant	Exile target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	17	common	Cliff Childs		
Radiant Purge	1W	2	Instant	Exile target multicolored creature or multicolored enchantment.	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	31	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Resupply	5W	6	Instant	"You gain 6 life.
Draw a card."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	32	common	Filip Burburan		
Scale Blessing	3W	4	Instant	"Bolster 1, then put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it. (To bolster 1, choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	35	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Secure the Wastes	XW	1	Instant	Create X 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens.	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	36	rare	Scott Murphy		
Surge of Righteousness	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target black or red creature that's attacking or blocking. You gain 2 life.	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	42	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Blessed Reincarnation	3U	4	Instant	"Exile target creature an opponent controls. That player reveals cards from the top of their library until a creature card is revealed. The player puts that card onto the battlefield, then shuffles the rest into their library.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	47	rare	Kev Walker		
Contradict	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Draw a card."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	49	common	Steve Prescott		
Dance of the Skywise	1U	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control becomes a blue Dragon Illusion with base power and toughness 4/4, loses all abilities, and gains flying."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	50	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Dragonlord's Prerogative	4UU	6	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may reveal a Dragon card from your hand.
If you revealed a Dragon card or controlled a Dragon as you cast this spell, this spell can't be countered.
Draw four cards."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	52	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Glint	1U	2	Instant	Target creature you control gets +0/+3 and gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	55	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Learn from the Past	3U	4	Instant	"Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library.
Draw a card."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	60	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Ojutai's Breath	2U	3	Instant	"Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	67	common	Kev Walker		
Silumgar's Scorn	UU	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may reveal a Dragon card from your hand.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}. If you revealed a Dragon card or controlled a Dragon as you cast this spell, counter that spell instead."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	78	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Butcher's Glee	2B	3	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains lifelink until end of turn. Regenerate it. (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	90	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Coat with Venom	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+2 and gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	91	common	Johann Bodin		
Flatten	3B	4	Instant	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	100	common	Raoul Vitale		
Foul Renewal	3B	4	Instant	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the toughness of the card returned this way."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	101	rare	Filip Burburan		
Foul-Tongue Invocation	2B	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may reveal a Dragon card from your hand.
Target player sacrifices a creature. If you revealed a Dragon card or controlled a Dragon as you cast this spell, you gain 4 life."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	102	uncommon	Daarken		
Foul-Tongue Shriek	B	1	Instant	Target opponent loses 1 life for each attacking creature you control. You gain that much life.	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	103	common	Dave Kendall		
Commune with Lava	XRR	2	Instant	"Exile the top X cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	131	rare	Ryan Barger		
Draconic Roar	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may reveal a Dragon card from your hand.
Draconic Roar deals 3 damage to target creature. If you revealed a Dragon card or controlled a Dragon as you cast this spell, Draconic Roar deals 3 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	134	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Rending Volley	R	1	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Rending Volley deals 4 damage to target white or blue creature."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	150	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Sarkhan's Rage	4R	5	Instant	"Sarkhan's Rage deals 5 damage to any target. If you control no Dragons, Sarkhan's Rage deals 2 damage to you."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	153	common	Chris Rahn		
Sarkhan's Triumph	2R	3	Instant	"Search your library for a Dragon creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	154	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Tail Slash	2R	3	Instant	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	161	common	Efrem Palacios		
Twin Bolt	1R	2	Instant	Twin Bolt deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	164	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Volcanic Rush	4R	5	Instant	Attacking creatures get +2/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	166	common	Ryan Barger		
Collected Company	3G	4	Instant	Look at the top six cards of your library. Put up to two creature cards with converted mana cost 3 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	177	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Display of Dominance	1G	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target blue or black noncreature permanent.
? Permanents you control can't be the targets of blue or black spells your opponents control this turn."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	182	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Dromoka's Gift	4G	5	Instant	Bolster 4. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put four +1/+1 counters on it.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	184	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Inspiring Call	2G	3	Instant	Draw a card for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it. Those creatures gain indestructible until end of turn.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	191	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Pinion Feast	4G	5	Instant	Destroy target creature with flying. Bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	195	common	Ryan Barger		
Press the Advantage	2GG	4	Instant	Up to two target creatures each get +2/+2 and gain trample until end of turn.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	196	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Revealing Wind	2G	3	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. You may look at each face-down creature that's attacking or blocking.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	197	common	Phill Simmer		
Shape the Sands	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +0/+5 and gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	205	common	Ryan Yee		
Tread Upon	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	211	common	Efrem Palacios		
Atarka's Command	RG	2	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Your opponents can't gain life this turn.
? Atarka's Command deals 3 damage to each opponent.
? You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.
? Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain reach until end of turn."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	213	rare	Chris Rahn		
Dromoka's Command	GW	2	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Prevent all damage target instant or sorcery spell would deal this turn.
? Target player sacrifices an enchantment.
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
? Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	221	rare	James Ryman		
Kolaghan's Command	1BR	3	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Target player discards a card.
? Destroy target artifact.
? Kolaghan's Command deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	224	rare	Daarken		
Ojutai's Command	2WU	4	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
? You gain 4 life.
? Counter target creature spell.
? Draw a card."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	227	rare	Willian Murai		
Silumgar's Command	3UB	5	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Counter target noncreature spell.
? Return target permanent to its owner's hand.
? Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
? Destroy target planeswalker."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	232	rare	Nils Hamm		
Abzan Advantage	1W	2	Instant	Target player sacrifices an enchantment. Bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	W	W	Fate Reforged	2	common	Winona Nelson		
Channel Harm	5W	6	Instant	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and permanents you control this turn by sources you don't control. If damage is prevented this way, you may have Channel Harm deal that much damage to target creature."	W	W	Fate Reforged	7	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Honor's Reward	2W	3	Instant	You gain 4 life. Bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)	W	W	Fate Reforged	14	uncommon	Izzy		
Pressure Point	1W	2	Instant	"Tap target creature.
Draw a card."	W	W	Fate Reforged	21	common	Chase Stone		
Rally the Ancestors	XWW	2	Instant	Return each creature card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Exile those creatures at the beginning of your next upkeep. Exile Rally the Ancestors.	W	W	Fate Reforged	22	rare	Nils Hamm		
Sandblast	2W	3	Instant	Sandblast deals 5 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Fate Reforged	24	common	Min Yum		
Valorous Stance	1W	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.
? Destroy target creature with toughness 4 or greater."	W	W	Fate Reforged	28	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Enhanced Awareness	4U	5	Instant	"Draw three cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Fate Reforged	33	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Neutralizing Blast	1U	2	Instant	Counter target multicolored spell.	U	U	Fate Reforged	44	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Rakshasa's Disdain	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each card in your graveyard.	U	U	Fate Reforged	45	common	Seb McKinnon		
Reality Shift	1U	2	Instant	"Exile target creature. Its controller manifests the top card of their library. (That player puts the top card of their library onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. If it's a creature card, it can be turned face up any time for its mana cost.)"	U	U	Fate Reforged	46	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Refocus	1U	2	Instant	"Untap target creature.
Draw a card."	U	U	Fate Reforged	47	common	Kev Walker		
Rite of Undoing	4U	5	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Return target nonland permanent you control and target nonland permanent you don't control to their owners' hands."	U	U	Fate Reforged	49	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Supplant Form	4UU	6	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand. You create a token that's a copy of that creature.	U	U	Fate Reforged	54	rare	Adam Paquette		
Whisk Away	2U	3	Instant	Put target attacking or blocking creature on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Fate Reforged	57	common	Zack Stella		
Will of the Naga	4UU	6	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step."	U	U	Fate Reforged	58	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Reach of Shadows	4B	5	Instant	Destroy target creature that's one or more colors.	B	B	Fate Reforged	81	common	Daarken		
Arcbond	2R	3	Instant	"Choose target creature. Whenever that creature is dealt damage this turn, it deals that much damage to each other creature and each player."	R	R	Fate Reforged	91	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Collateral Damage	R	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Collateral Damage deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Fate Reforged	95	common	Ryan Barger		
Dragonrage	2R	3	Instant	"Add {R} for each attacking creature you control. Until end of turn, attacking creatures you control gain ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Fate Reforged	97	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Friendly Fire	3R	4	Instant	Target creature's controller reveals a card at random from their hand. Friendly Fire deals damage to that creature and that player equal to the revealed card's converted mana cost.	R	R	Fate Reforged	101	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Temur Battle Rage	1R	2	Instant	"Target creature gains double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
Ferocious ? That creature also gains trample until end of turn if you control a creature with power 4 or greater."	R	R	Fate Reforged	116	common	Jaime Jones		
Wild Slash	R	1	Instant	"Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, damage can't be prevented this turn.
Wild Slash deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Fate Reforged	118	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Return to the Earth	3G	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying."	G	G	Fate Reforged	135	common	Mark Winters		
Ruthless Instincts	2G	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target nonattacking creature gains reach and deathtouch until end of turn. Untap it.
? Target attacking creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Fate Reforged	136	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Sudden Reclamation	3G	4	Instant	"Put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard, then return a creature card and a land card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Fate Reforged	139	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Winds of Qal Sisma	1G	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, instead prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures your opponents control."	G	G	Fate Reforged	147	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Cunning Strike	3UR	5	Instant	"Cunning Strike deals 2 damage to target creature and 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Draw a card."	U	U	Fate Reforged	150	common	Clint Cearley		
Ethereal Ambush	3GU	5	Instant	"Manifest the top two cards of your library. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	U	U	Fate Reforged	152	common	Lius Lasahido		
Grim Contest	1BG	3	Instant	Choose target creature you control and target creature an opponent controls. Each of those creatures deals damage equal to its toughness to the other.	G	G	Fate Reforged	153	common	Phill Simmer		
Harsh Sustenance	1WB	3	Instant	"Harsh Sustenance deals X damage to any target and you gain X life, where X is the number of creatures you control."	W	W	Fate Reforged	154	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
War Flare	2RW	4	Instant	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. Untap those creatures.	W	W	Fate Reforged	158	common	Karl Kopinski		
Scour from Existence	7	7	Instant	Exile target permanent.			Battle for Zendikar	13	common	Clint Cearley		
Titan's Presence	3	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a colorless creature card from your hand.
Exile target creature if its power is less than or equal to the revealed card's power."			Battle for Zendikar	14	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Encircling Fissure	2W	3	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures target opponent controls.
Awaken 2?{4}{W} (If you cast this spell for {4}{W}, also put two +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	23	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Lithomancer's Focus	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to that creature this turn by colorless sources.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	38	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Roil's Retribution	3WW	5	Instant	Roil's Retribution deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of target attacking or blocking creatures.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	45	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Tandem Tactics	1W	2	Instant	Up to two target creatures each get +1/+2 until end of turn. You gain 2 life.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	52	common	David Gaillet		
Adverse Conditions	3U	4	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step. Create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		U	Battle for Zendikar	54	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Horribly Awry	1U	2	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Counter target creature spell with converted mana cost 4 or less. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."		U	Battle for Zendikar	59	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Spell Shrivel	2U	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {4}. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."		U	Battle for Zendikar	66	common	Jack Wang		
Roilmage's Trick	3U	4	Instant	"Converge ? Creatures your opponents control get -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is the number of colors of mana spent to cast Roilmage's Trick.
Draw a card."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	83	common	Johann Bodin		
Scatter to the Winds	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Awaken 3?{4}{U}{U} (If you cast this spell for {4}{U}{U}, also put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	85	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Complete Disregard	2B	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Exile target creature with power 3 or less."		B	Battle for Zendikar	90	common	Peter Mohrbacher		
Grave Birthing	2B	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target opponent exiles a card from their graveyard. You create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}.""
Draw a card."		B	Battle for Zendikar	93	common	Craig J Spearing		
Grip of Desolation	4BB	6	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Exile target creature and target land."		B	Battle for Zendikar	94	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Turn Against	4R	5	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."		R	Battle for Zendikar	135	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Outnumber	R	1	Instant	Outnumber deals damage to target creature equal to the number of creatures you control.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	150	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Stonefury	3RR	5	Instant	Stonefury deals damage to target creature equal to the number of lands you control.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	156	common	Chris Rallis		
Volcanic Upheaval	3R	4	Instant	Destroy target land.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	161	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Unnatural Aggression	2G	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target creature you control fights target creature an opponent controls. If the creature an opponent controls would die this turn, exile it instead."		G	Battle for Zendikar	168	common	James Ryman		
Infuse with the Elements	3G	4	Instant	"Converge ? Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is the number of colors of mana spent to cast Infuse with the Elements. That creature gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	175	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Natural Connection	2G	3	Instant	"Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	179	common	Wesley Burt		
Swell of Growth	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	191	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Brutal Expulsion	2UR	4	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Choose one or both ?
? Return target spell or creature to its owner's hand.
? Brutal Expulsion deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead."		U	Battle for Zendikar	200	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Spatial Contortion	1C	2	Instant	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
Target creature gets +3/-3 until end of turn."			Oath of the Gatewatch	8	uncommon	Daarken		
Warping Wail	1C	2	Instant	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
Choose one ?
? Exile target creature with power or toughness 1 or less.
? Counter target sorcery spell.
? Create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""			Oath of the Gatewatch	12	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Dazzling Reflection	1W	2	Instant	"You gain life equal to target creature's power. The next time that creature would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	17	common	David Palumbo		
Immolating Glare	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target attacking creature.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	20	uncommon	Daarken		
Searing Light	W	1	Instant	Destroy target attacking or blocking creature with power 2 or less.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	33	common	Marco Nelor		
Abstruse Interference	2U	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}. You create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."" ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	40	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Void Shatter	1UU	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	49	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Comparative Analysis	3U	4	Instant	"Surge {2}{U} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Target player draws two cards."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	51	common	Willian Murai		
Gift of Tusks	U	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and becomes a green Elephant with base power and toughness 3/3."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	55	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Grip of the Roil	2U	3	Instant	"Surge {1}{U} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Draw a card."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	56	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Overwhelming Denial	2UU	4	Instant	"Surge {U}{U} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
This spell can't be countered.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	61	rare	Jama Jurabaev		
Sweep Away	2U	3	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. If that creature is attacking, you may put it on top of its owner's library instead."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	64	common	Winona Nelson		
Unity of Purpose	3U	4	Instant	"Support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.)
Untap each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	66	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Unnatural Endurance	B	1	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Regenerate it."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	80	common	Mathias Kollros		
Corpse Churn	1B	2	Instant	"Put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard, then you may return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	83	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Tar Snare	2B	3	Instant	Target creature gets -3/-2 until end of turn.	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	90	common	Karl Kopinski		
Consuming Sinkhole	3R	4	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Choose one ?
? Exile target land creature.
? Consuming Sinkhole deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker."		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	94	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Kozilek's Return	2R	3	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Kozilek's Return deals 2 damage to each creature.
Whenever you cast an Eldrazi creature spell with converted mana cost 7 or greater, you may exile Kozilek's Return from your graveyard. If you do, Kozilek's Return deals 5 damage to each creature."		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	98	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
Reality Hemorrhage	1R	2	Instant	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Reality Hemorrhage deals 2 damage to any target."		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	100	common	Chris Rallis		
Brute Strength	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	103	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Expedite	R	1	Instant	"Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	108	common	Kieran Yanner		
Fall of the Titans	XXR	1	Instant	"Surge {X}{R} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Fall of the Titans deals X damage to each of up to two targets."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	109	rare	Chris Rallis		
Tears of Valakut	1R	2	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Tears of Valakut deals 5 damage to target creature with flying."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	118	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Elemental Uprising	1G	2	Instant	Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature with haste until end of turn. It's still a land. It must be blocked this turn if able.	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	130	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Lead by Example	1G	2	Instant	Support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.)	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	134	common	Johannes Voss		
Natural State	G	1	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment with converted mana cost 3 or less.	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	136	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Vines of the Recluse	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+2 and gains reach until end of turn. Untap it. (A creature with reach can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	146	common	Dan Scott		
Eerie Interlude	2W	3	Instant	Exile any number of target creatures you control. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	16	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Expose Evil	1W	2	Instant	"Tap up to two target creatures.
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	19	common	Jama Jurabaev		
Humble the Brute	4W	5	Instant	"Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	23	uncommon	Daarken		
Silverstrike	3W	4	Instant	Destroy target attacking creature. You gain 3 life.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	37	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Strength of Arms	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you control an Equipment, create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	40	common	John Stanko		
Survive the Night	2W	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	41	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Tenacity	3W	4	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain lifelink until end of turn. Untap those creatures.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	42	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Broken Concentration	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Madness {3}{U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	50	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Compelling Deterrence	1U	2	Instant	Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Then that player discards a card if you control a Zombie.	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	52	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Confirm Suspicions	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Investigate three times. (To investigate, create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	53	rare	David Gaillet		
Deny Existence	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target creature spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	55	common	Christopher Moeller		
Engulf the Shore	3U	4	Instant	Return to their owners' hands all creatures with toughness less than or equal to the number of Islands you control.	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	58	rare	Cliff Childs		
Epiphany at the Drownyard	XU	1	Instant	Reveal the top X plus one cards of your library and separate them into two piles. An opponent chooses one of those piles. Put that pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	59	rare	Titus Lunter		
Essence Flux	U	1	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. If it's a Spirit, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	61	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Invasive Surgery	U	1	Instant	"Counter target sorcery spell.
Delirium ? If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, search the graveyard, hand, and library of that spell's controller for any number of cards with the same name as that spell, exile those cards, then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	68	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Jace's Scrutiny	1U	2	Instant	"Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn.
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	70	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Just the Wind	1U	2	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Madness {U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	71	common	Christopher Moeller		
Grotesque Mutation	1B	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	115	common	Dan Scott		
Merciless Resolve	2B	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or land.
Draw two cards."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	123	common	Chase Stone		
Throttle	4B	5	Instant	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	138	common	Raymond Swanland		
To the Slaughter	2B	3	Instant	"Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.
Delirium ? If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, instead that player sacrifices a creature and a planeswalker."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	139	rare	Christine Choi		
Dance with Devils	3R	4	Instant	"Create two 1/1 red Devil creature tokens. They have ""When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	150	uncommon	Wayne England		
Dissension in the Ranks	3RR	5	Instant	Target blocking creature fights another target blocking creature.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	152	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Geistblast	2R	3	Instant	"Geistblast deals 2 damage to any target.
{2}{U}, Exile Geistblast from your graveyard: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	U	Shadows over Innistrad	160	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Inner Struggle	3R	4	Instant	Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	167	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Rush of Adrenaline	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	177	common	Chris Rallis		
Aim High	1G	2	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +2/+2 and gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	193	common	Steve Prescott		
Clip Wings	1G	2	Instant	Each opponent sacrifices a creature with flying.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	197	common	Howard Lyon		
Confront the Unknown	G	1	Instant	"Investigate, then target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Clue you control. (To investigate, create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	198	common	Kev Walker		
Might Beyond Reason	3G	4	Instant	"Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.
Delirium ? Put three +1/+1 counters on that creature instead if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	217	common	Craig J Spearing		
Moonlight Hunt	1G	2	Instant	Choose target creature you don't control. Each creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf deals damage equal to its power to that creature.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	219	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Second Harvest	2GG	4	Instant	"For each token you control, create a token that's a copy of that permanent."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	227	rare	Matt Stewart		
Anguished Unmaking	1WB	3	Instant	Exile target nonland permanent. You lose 3 life.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	242	rare	Wesley Burt		
Blessed Alliance	1W	2	Instant	"Escalate {2} (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more ?
? Target player gains 4 life.
? Untap up to two target creatures.
? Target opponent sacrifices an attacking creature."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	13	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Borrowed Grace	2W	3	Instant	"Escalate {1}{W} (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or both ?
? Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
? Creatures you control get +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	14	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Give No Ground	3W	4	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+6 until end of turn and can block any number of creatures this turn.	W	W	Eldritch Moon	29	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Long Road Home	1W	2	Instant	"Exile target creature. At the beginning of the next end step, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	34	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Repel the Abominable	1W	2	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn by non-Human sources.	W	W	Eldritch Moon	38	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Chilling Grasp	2U	3	Instant	"Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step.
Madness {3}{U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Eldritch Moon	50	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Displace	2U	3	Instant	"Exile up to two target creatures you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	55	common	Clint Cearley		
Fortune's Favor	3U	4	Instant	Target opponent looks at the top four cards of your library and separates them into a face-down pile and a face-up pile. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	U	U	Eldritch Moon	61	uncommon	Yohann Schepacz		
Scour the Laboratory	4UU	6	Instant	"Delirium ? This spell costs {2} less to cast if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.
Draw three cards."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	73	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Summary Dismissal	2UU	4	Instant	Exile all other spells and counter all abilities.	U	U	Eldritch Moon	75	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Unsubstantiate	1U	2	Instant	Return target spell or creature to its owner's hand.	U	U	Eldritch Moon	79	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Borrowed Malevolence	B	1	Instant	"Escalate {2} (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or both ?
? Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
? Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	82	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Succumb to Temptation	1BB	3	Instant	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	107	common	Winona Nelson		
Abandon Reason	2R	3	Instant	"Up to two target creatures each get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.
Madness {1}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon	115	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Borrowed Hostility	R	1	Instant	"Escalate {3} (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or both ?
? Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn.
? Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	121	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Galvanic Bombardment	R	1	Instant	"Galvanic Bombardment deals X damage to target creature, where X is 2 plus the number of cards named Galvanic Bombardment in your graveyard."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	129	common	Terese Nielsen		
Otherworldly Outburst	R	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn. When that creature dies this turn, create a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	138	common	Kieran Yanner		
Savage Alliance	2R	3	Instant	"Escalate {1} (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more ?
? Creatures target player controls gain trample until end of turn.
? Savage Alliance deals 2 damage to target creature.
? Savage Alliance deals 1 damage to each creature target opponent controls."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	140	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Spreading Flames	6R	7	Instant	Spreading Flames deals 6 damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures.	R	R	Eldritch Moon	143	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Clear Shot	2G	3	Instant	Target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.	G	G	Eldritch Moon	152	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Grapple with the Past	1G	2	Instant	"Put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard, then you may return a creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	160	common	Howard Lyon		
Springsage Ritual	3G	4	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 4 life.	G	G	Eldritch Moon	172	common	Ben Maier		
Waxing Moon	1G	2	Instant	Transform up to one target Werewolf you control. Creatures you control gain trample until end of turn.	G	G	Eldritch Moon	177	common	Adam Paquette		
Woodcutter's Grit	2G	3	Instant	Target creature you control gets +3/+3 and gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Eldritch Moon	179	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Ride Down	RW	2	Instant	Destroy target blocking creature. Creatures that were blocked by that creature this combat gain trample until end of turn.	W	W	Eldritch Moon	188	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Acrobatic Maneuver	2W	3	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Draw a card."	W	W	Kaladesh	1	common	Winona Nelson		
Built to Last	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it's an artifact creature, it gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Kaladesh	7	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Impeccable Timing	1W	2	Instant	Impeccable Timing deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Kaladesh	19	common	Chris Rallis		
Skywhaler's Shot	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target creature with power 3 or greater. Scry 1.	W	W	Kaladesh	29	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Ceremonious Rejection	U	1	Instant	Counter target colorless spell.	U	U	Kaladesh	40	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Disappearing Act	1UU	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, return a permanent you control to its owner's hand.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Kaladesh	43	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Dramatic Reversal	1U	2	Instant	Untap all nonland permanents you control.	U	U	Kaladesh	44	common	Eric Deschamps		
Failed Inspection	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Kaladesh	47	common	Matt Stewart		
Glimmer of Genius	3U	4	Instant	"Scry 2, then draw two cards. You get {E}{E} (two energy counters)."	U	U	Kaladesh	49	uncommon	Tommy Arnold		
Insidious Will	2UU	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target spell.
? You may choose new targets for target spell.
? Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Kaladesh	52	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Paradoxical Outcome	3U	4	Instant	"Return any number of target nonland, nontoken permanents you control to their owners' hands. Draw a card for each card returned to your hand this way."	U	U	Kaladesh	60	rare	Nils Hamm		
Revolutionary Rebuff	1U	2	Instant	Counter target nonartifact spell unless its controller pays {2}.	U	U	Kaladesh	61	common	Zack Stella		
Select for Inspection	U	1	Instant	Return target tapped creature to its owner's hand. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Kaladesh	63	common	James Paick		
Essence Extraction	1BB	3	Instant	Essence Extraction deals 3 damage to target creature and you gain 3 life.	B	B	Kaladesh	80	uncommon	Min Yum		
Make Obsolete	2B	3	Instant	Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Kaladesh	89	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Rush of Vitality	1B	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains lifelink and indestructible until end of turn. (Damage dealt by that creature also causes its controller to gain that much life, and it can't be destroyed by damage or effects that say ""destroy."")"	B	B	Kaladesh	99	common	Lindsey Look		
Subtle Strike	1B	2	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	B	B	Kaladesh	100	common	David Palumbo		
Tidy Conclusion	3BB	5	Instant	Destroy target creature. You gain 1 life for each artifact you control.	B	B	Kaladesh	103	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Built to Smash	R	1	Instant	"Target attacking creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. If it's an artifact creature, it gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	108	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Fateful Showdown	2RR	4	Instant	"Fateful Showdown deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards in your hand. Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards."	R	R	Kaladesh	114	rare	Chris Rallis		
Harnessed Lightning	1R	2	Instant	"Choose target creature. You get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters), then you may pay any amount of {E}. Harnessed Lightning deals that much damage to that creature."	R	R	Kaladesh	117	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Incendiary Sabotage	2RR	4	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Incendiary Sabotage deals 3 damage to each creature."	R	R	Kaladesh	119	uncommon	Ben Maier		
Welding Sparks	2R	3	Instant	"Welding Sparks deals X damage to target creature, where X is 3 plus the number of artifacts you control."	R	R	Kaladesh	140	common	Raymond Swanland		
Appetite for the Unnatural	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 2 life.	G	G	Kaladesh	141	common	Zoltan Boros		
Blossoming Defense	G	1	Instant	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 and gains hexproof until end of turn.	G	G	Kaladesh	146	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Commencement of Festivities	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to players this turn.	G	G	Kaladesh	148	common	Zack Stella		
Ornamental Courage	G	1	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +1/+3 until end of turn.	G	G	Kaladesh	164	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Unlicensed Disintegration	1BR	3	Instant	"Destroy target creature. If you control an artifact, Unlicensed Disintegration deals 3 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Kaladesh	187	uncommon	Izzy		
Flame Lash	3R	4	Instant	Flame Lash deals 4 damage to any target.	R	R	Kaladesh	266	common	Viktor Titov		
Alley Evasion	W	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature you control gets +1/+2 until end of turn.
? Return target creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Aether Revolt	6	common	Scott Murphy		
Decommission	2W	3	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Revolt ? If a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Aether Revolt	16	common	Josh Hass		
Deft Dismissal	3W	4	Instant	"Deft Dismissal deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target attacking or blocking creatures."	W	W	Aether Revolt	17	uncommon	Izzy		
Disallow	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell, activated ability, or triggered ability. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	U	U	Aether Revolt	31	rare	Min Yum		
Illusionist's Stratagem	3U	4	Instant	"Exile up to two target creatures you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control.
Draw a card."	U	U	Aether Revolt	36	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Leave in the Dust	3U	4	Instant	"Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Aether Revolt	37	common	Vincent Proce		
Metallic Rebuke	2U	3	Instant	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}."	U	U	Aether Revolt	39	common	Eric Deschamps		
Take into Custody	U	1	Instant	Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.	U	U	Aether Revolt	47	common	David Palumbo		
Whir of Invention	XUUU	3	Instant	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Aether Revolt	49	rare	Christine Choi		
Cruel Finality	2B	3	Instant	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	B	B	Aether Revolt	54	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Fatal Push	B	1	Instant	"Destroy target creature if it has converted mana cost 2 or less.
Revolt ? Destroy that creature if it has converted mana cost 4 or less instead if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	57	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Perilous Predicament	4B	5	Instant	Each opponent sacrifices an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature.	B	B	Aether Revolt	68	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Renegade's Getaway	2B	3	Instant	"Target permanent gains indestructible until end of turn. Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token. (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy a permanent with indestructible, and if it's a creature, it can't be destroyed by damage.)"	B	B	Aether Revolt	69	common	Ryan Yee		
Hungry Flames	2R	3	Instant	Hungry Flames deals 3 damage to target creature and 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Aether Revolt	84	uncommon	Izzy		
Invigorated Rampage	1R	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets +4/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.
? Two target creatures each get +2/+0 and gain trample until end of turn."	R	R	Aether Revolt	86	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Precise Strike	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Aether Revolt	92	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Heroic Intervention	1G	2	Instant	Permanents you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	G	G	Aether Revolt	109	rare	James Ryman		
Highspire Infusion	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. You get {E}{E} (two energy counters).	G	G	Aether Revolt	111	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Lifecraft Awakening	XG	1	Instant	"Put X +1/+1 counters on target artifact you control. If it isn't a creature or Vehicle, it becomes a 0/0 Construct artifact creature."	G	G	Aether Revolt	112	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Lifecrafter's Gift	3G	4	Instant	"Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, then put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Aether Revolt	114	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Natural Obsolescence	1G	2	Instant	Put target artifact on the bottom of its owner's library.	G	G	Aether Revolt	118	common	Eytan Zana		
Djeru's Resolve	W	1	Instant	"Untap target creature. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it this turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	11	common	Kieran Yanner		
Forsake the Worldly	2W	3	Instant	"Exile target artifact or enchantment.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	13	common	Steve Argyle		
In Oketra's Name	1W	2	Instant	Zombies you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. Other creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Amonkhet	19	common	Nils Hamm		
Time to Reflect	W	1	Instant	Exile target creature that blocked or was blocked by a Zombie this turn.	W	W	Amonkhet	33	uncommon	Daarken		
Censor	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	46	uncommon	John Stanko		
Decision Paralysis	3U	4	Instant	Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step.	U	U	Amonkhet	50	common	Vincent Proce		
Galestrike	2U	3	Instant	"Return target tapped creature to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Amonkhet	54	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Hieroglyphic Illumination	3U	4	Instant	"Draw two cards.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	57	common	Raoul Vitale		
Pull from Tomorrow	XUU	2	Instant	"Draw X cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Amonkhet	65	rare	Sara Winters		
Winds of Rebuke	1U	2	Instant	Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Each player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Amonkhet	76	common	Mathias Kollros		
Final Reward	4B	5	Instant	Exile target creature.	B	B	Amonkhet	92	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Scarab Feast	B	1	Instant	"Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard.
Cycling {B} ({B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Amonkhet	106	common	Tony Foti		
Shadow of the Grave	1B	2	Instant	Return to your hand all cards in your graveyard that you cycled or discarded this turn.	B	B	Amonkhet	107	rare	Darek Zabrocki		
Splendid Agony	2B	3	Instant	Distribute two -1/-1 counters among one or two target creatures.	B	B	Amonkhet	109	common	Clint Cearley		
Supernatural Stamina	B	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains ""When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control."""	B	B	Amonkhet	111	common	Christopher Moeller		
Deem Worthy	4R	5	Instant	"Deem Worthy deals 7 damage to target creature.
Cycling {3}{R} ({3}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Deem Worthy, you may have it deal 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Amonkhet	127	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Glorious End	2R	3	Instant	"End the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities on the stack, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and ""this turn"" and ""until end of turn"" effects end.)
At the beginning of your next end step, you lose the game."	R	R	Amonkhet	133	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Pursue Glory	3R	4	Instant	"Attacking creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	147	common	Johann Bodin		
Dissenter's Deliverance	1G	2	Instant	"Destroy target artifact.
Cycling {G} ({G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	164	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Hapatra's Mark	G	1	Instant	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Remove all -1/-1 counters from it. (A creature with hexproof can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Amonkhet	169	uncommon	Lindsey Look		
Haze of Pollen	1G	2	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	171	common	Mark Zug		
Shed Weakness	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. You may remove a -1/-1 counter from it.	G	G	Amonkhet	185	common	Christine Choi		
Stinging Shot	G	1	Instant	"Put three -1/-1 counters on target creature with flying.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	189	common	Scott Murphy		
Synchronized Strike	2G	3	Instant	Untap up to two target creatures. They each get +2/+2 until end of turn.	G	G	Amonkhet	190	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Act of Heroism	1W	2	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +2/+2 until end of turn and can block an additional creature this turn.	W	W	Hour of Devastation	1	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Djeru's Renunciation	1W	2	Instant	"Tap up to two target creatures.
Cycling {W} ({W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	11	common	Kieran Yanner		
Gideon's Defeat	W	1	Instant	"Exile target white creature that's attacking or blocking. If it was a Gideon planeswalker, you gain 5 life."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	13	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Countervailing Winds	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1} for each card in your graveyard.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	32	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Imaginary Threats	2UU	4	Instant	"Creatures target opponent controls attack this turn if able. During that player's next untap step, creatures they control don't untap.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	37	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Jace's Defeat	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target blue spell. If it was a Jace planeswalker spell, scry 2."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	38	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Supreme Will	2U	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}.
? Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	49	uncommon	Alayna Danner		
Tragic Lesson	2U	3	Instant	Draw two cards. Then discard a card unless you return a land you control to its owner's hand.	U	U	Hour of Devastation	51	common	Joseph Meehan		
Hour of Glory	3B	4	Instant	"Exile target creature. If that creature was a God, its controller reveals their hand and exiles all cards from it with the same name as that creature."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	65	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Torment of Venom	2BB	4	Instant	Put three -1/-1 counters on target creature. Its controller loses 3 life unless they sacrifice another nonland permanent or discards a card.	B	B	Hour of Devastation	79	common	Johann Bodin		
Without Weakness	1B	2	Instant	"Target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	81	common	Alex Konstad		
Abrade	1R	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Abrade deals 3 damage to target creature.
? Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	83	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Blur of Blades	1R	2	Instant	Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. Blur of Blades deals 2 damage to that creature's controller.	R	R	Hour of Devastation	84	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Chandra's Defeat	R	1	Instant	"Chandra's Defeat deals 5 damage to target red creature or red planeswalker. If that permanent is a Chandra planeswalker, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	86	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Open Fire	2R	3	Instant	Open Fire deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Hour of Devastation	105	common	Jason Kang		
Ambuscade	2G	3	Instant	Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature an opponent controls.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	110	common	Kev Walker		
Life Goes On	G	1	Instant	"You gain 4 life. If a creature died this turn, you gain 8 life instead."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	121	common	Daarken		
Prismatic Circle	2W	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
As Prismatic Circle enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{1}: The next time a source of your choice of the chosen color would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Mirage	34	common	Pete Venters		
Broken Fall	2G	3	Enchantment	Return Broken Fall to its owner's hand: Regenerate target creature.	G	G	Tempest	216	common	Zina Saunders		
Veiled Serpent	2U	3	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a spell, if Veiled Serpent is an enchantment, Veiled Serpent becomes a 4/4 Serpent creature with ""This creature can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.""
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Urza's Saga	110	common	Bob Eggleton		
Opal Champion	2W	3	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Champion is an enchantment, Opal Champion becomes a 3/3 Knight creature with first strike."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	16	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Aura Flux	2U	3	Enchantment	"Other enchantments have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this enchantment unless you pay {2}."""	U	U	Urza's Legacy	27	common	John Avon		
Mental Discipline	1UU	3	Enchantment	"{1}{U}, Discard a card: Draw a card."	U	U	Urza's Destiny	37	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Furious Assault	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, Furious Assault deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	191	common	Greg Staples		
Spidersilk Armor	2G	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +0/+1 and have reach. (They can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Mercadian Masques	273	common	Scott Hampton		
Fanatical Devotion	2W	3	Enchantment	Sacrifice a creature: Regenerate target creature.	W	W	Nemesis	8	common	Massimilano Frezzato		
Aura Fracture	2W	3	Enchantment	Sacrifice a land: Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Prophecy	2	common	Rebecca Guay		
Rhystic Deluge	2U	3	Enchantment	{U}: Tap target creature unless its controller pays {1}.	U	U	Prophecy	43	common	Pete Venters		
Rhystic Study	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may draw a card unless that player pays {1}."	U	U	Prophecy	45	common	Terese Nielsen		
Protective Sphere	2W	3	Enchantment	"{1}, Pay 1 life: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by a source of your choice that shares a color with the mana spent on this activation cost. (Colorless mana prevents no damage.)"	W	W	Invasion	26	common	Rebecca Guay		
Escape Routes	2U	3	Enchantment	{2}{U}: Return target white or black creature you control to its owner's hand.	U	U	Planeshift	25	common	Marc Fishman		
Mangara's Equity	1WW	3	Enchantment	"As Mangara's Equity enters the battlefield, choose black or red.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Mangara's Equity unless you pay {1}{W}.
Whenever a creature of the chosen color deals damage to you or a white creature you control, Mangara's Equity deals that much damage to that creature."	W	W	Mirage	26	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Cycle of Life	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Return Cycle of Life to its owner's hand: Target creature you cast this turn has base power and toughness 0/1 until your next upkeep. At the beginning of your next upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	G	G	Mirage	211	rare	Chippy		
Roots of Life	1GG	3	Enchantment	"As Roots of Life enters the battlefield, choose Island or Swamp.
Whenever a land of the chosen type an opponent controls becomes tapped, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Mirage	237	uncommon	Tony Roberts		
Circle of Despair	1WB	3	Enchantment	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to any target this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Mirage	259	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Grim Feast	1BG	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Grim Feast deals 1 damage to you.
Whenever a creature is put into an opponent's graveyard from the battlefield, you gain life equal to its toughness."	G	G	Mirage	265	rare	Mike Kimble		
Reparations	1WU	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell that targets you or a creature you control, you may draw a card."	W	W	Mirage	278	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Unfulfilled Desires	1UB	3	Enchantment	"{1}, Pay 1 life: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Mirage	285	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Equipoise	2W	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, for each land target player controls in excess of the number you control, choose a land that player controls, then the chosen permanents phase out. Repeat this process for artifacts and creatures. (While they're phased out, they're treated as though they don't exist. They phase in before that player untaps during their next untap step.)"	W	W	Visions	3	rare	Adam Rex		
Blanket of Night	1BB	3	Enchantment	Each land is a Swamp in addition to its other land types.	B	B	Visions	52	uncommon	Cliff Nielsen		
Desolation	1BB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each end step, each player who tapped a land for mana this turn sacrifices a land. Desolation deals 2 damage to each player who sacrificed a Plains this way."	B	B	Visions	58	uncommon	George Pratt		
Necromancy	2B	3	Enchantment	"You may cast Necromancy as though it had flash. If you cast it any time a sorcery couldn't have been cast, the controller of the permanent it becomes sacrifices it at the beginning of the next cleanup step.
When Necromancy enters the battlefield, if it's on the battlefield, it becomes an Aura with ""enchant creature put onto the battlefield with Necromancy."" Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control and attach Necromancy to it. When Necromancy leaves the battlefield, that creature's controller sacrifices it."	B	B	Visions	64	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Heat Wave	2R	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Blue creatures can't block creatures you control.
Nonblue creatures can't block creatures you control unless their controller pays 1 life for each blocking creature they control."	R	R	Visions	83	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
City of Solitude	2G	3	Enchantment	Players can cast spells and activate abilities only during their own turns.	G	G	Visions	102	rare	Romas Kukalis		
Katabatic Winds	2G	3	Enchantment	"Phasing (This phases in or out before you untap during each of your untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)
Creatures with flying can't attack or block, and their activated abilities with {T} in their costs can't be activated."	G	G	Visions	109	rare	Gary Gianni		
Corrosion	1BR	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a rust counter on each artifact target opponent controls. Then destroy each artifact with converted mana cost less than or equal to the number of rust counters on it. Artifacts destroyed this way can't be regenerated.
When Corrosion leaves the battlefield, remove all rust counters from all permanents."	R	R	Visions	128	rare	Michael Danza		
Righteous War	1WB	3	Enchantment	"White creatures you control have protection from black.
Black creatures you control have protection from white."	W	W	Visions	134	rare	Ian Miller		
Inner Sanctum	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep?Pay 2 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures you control."	W	W	Weatherlight	18	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Infernal Tribute	BBB	3	Enchantment	"{2}, Sacrifice a nontoken permanent: Draw a card."	B	B	Weatherlight	73	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Wave of Terror	2B	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your draw step, destroy each creature with converted mana cost equal to the number of age counters on Wave of Terror. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Weatherlight	86	rare	Adrian Smith		
Heat Stroke	2R	3	Enchantment	"At end of combat, destroy each creature that blocked or was blocked this turn."	R	R	Weatherlight	107	rare	Andrew Robinson		
Dense Foliage	2G	3	Enchantment	Creatures can't be the targets of spells.	G	G	Weatherlight	124	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Downdraft	2G	3	Enchantment	"{G}: Target creature loses flying until end of turn.
Sacrifice Downdraft: It deals 2 damage to each creature with flying."	G	G	Weatherlight	125	uncommon	John Matson		
Familiar Ground	2G	3	Enchantment	Each creature you control can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	Weatherlight	127	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Hanna's Custody	2W	3	Enchantment	All artifacts have shroud. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)	W	W	Tempest	22	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Orim's Prayer	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures attack you, you gain 1 life for each attacking creature."	W	W	Tempest	32	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Insight	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a green spell, you draw a card."	U	U	Tempest	68	uncommon	Ron Chironna		
Propaganda	2U	3	Enchantment	Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays {2} for each creature they control that's attacking you.	U	U	Tempest	80	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Dauthi Embrace	2B	3	Enchantment	{B}{B}: Target creature gains shadow until end of turn. (It can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	B	B	Tempest	120	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Ancient Runes	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Ancient Runes deals damage to that player equal to the number of artifacts they control."	R	R	Tempest	161	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Hand to Hand	2R	3	Enchantment	"During combat, players can't cast instant spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities."	R	R	Tempest	180	rare	Carl Frank		
Contemplation	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a spell, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Stronghold	4	uncommon	Brom		
Hidden Retreat	2W	3	Enchantment	Put a card from your hand on top of your library: Prevent all damage that would be dealt by target instant or sorcery spell this turn.	W	W	Stronghold	6	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Bottomless Pit	1BB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player discards a card at random."	B	B	Stronghold	51	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Invasion Plans	2R	3	Enchantment	"All creatures block each combat if able.
The attacking player chooses how each creature blocks each combat."	R	R	Stronghold	89	rare	Pete Venters		
Penance	2W	3	Enchantment	"Put a card from your hand on top of your library: The next time a black or red source of your choice would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Exodus	15	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Equilibrium	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Exodus	32	rare	Jeff Miracola		
Mana Breach	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, that player returns a land they control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Exodus	38	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Spellshock	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, Spellshock deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Exodus	104	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Opal Acrolith	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a creature spell, if Opal Acrolith is an enchantment, Opal Acrolith becomes a 2/4 Soldier creature.
{0}: Opal Acrolith becomes an enchantment."	W	W	Urza's Saga	22	uncommon	Robh Ruppel		
Arcane Laboratory	2U	3	Enchantment	Each player can't cast more than one spell each turn.	U	U	Urza's Saga	60	uncommon	Stephen Daniele		
Attunement	2U	3	Enchantment	"Return Attunement to its owner's hand: Draw three cards, then discard four cards."	U	U	Urza's Saga	61	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Douse	2U	3	Enchantment	{1}{U}: Counter target red spell.	U	U	Urza's Saga	70	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Veiled Crocodile	2U	3	Enchantment	"When a player has no cards in hand, if Veiled Crocodile is an enchantment, Veiled Crocodile becomes a 4/4 Crocodile creature."	U	U	Urza's Saga	108	rare	Paolo Parente		
Contamination	2B	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Contamination unless you sacrifice a creature.
If a land is tapped for mana, it produces {B} instead of any other type and amount."	B	B	Urza's Saga	123	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Lurking Evil	BBB	3	Enchantment	"Pay half your life, rounded up: Lurking Evil becomes a 4/4 Horror creature with flying."	B	B	Urza's Saga	140	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Oppression	1BB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, that player discards a card."	B	B	Urza's Saga	143	rare	Pete Venters		
Torch Song	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Torch Song.
{2}{R}, Sacrifice Torch Song: It deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of verse counters on Torch Song."	R	R	Urza's Saga	222	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Greener Pastures	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player controls more lands than each other player, the player creates a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Urza's Saga	258	rare	Heather Hudson		
Retaliation	2G	3	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have ""Whenever this creature becomes blocked by a creature, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."""	G	G	Urza's Saga	272	uncommon	Tom Fleming		
Knighthood	2W	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control have first strike.	W	W	Urza's Legacy	12	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Martyr's Cause	2W	3	Enchantment	"Sacrifice a creature: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to any target this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	13	uncommon	Jeff Laubenstein		
Opal Avenger	2W	3	Enchantment	"When you have 10 or less life, if Opal Avenger is an enchantment, Opal Avenger becomes a 3/5 Soldier creature."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	15	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Second Chance	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have 5 or less life, sacrifice Second Chance and take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Urza's Legacy	41	rare	Mark Tedin		
Engineered Plague	2B	3	Enchantment	"As Engineered Plague enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
All creatures of the chosen type get -1/-1."	B	B	Urza's Legacy	51	uncommon	Michael Sutfin		
Ghitu War Cry	2R	3	Enchantment	{R}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Urza's Legacy	78	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Rivalry	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player controls more lands than each other player, Rivalry deals 2 damage to them."	R	R	Urza's Legacy	90	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Attrition	1BB	3	Enchantment	"{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	52	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Impatience	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, if that player didn't cast a spell this turn, Impatience deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	88	rare	Mark Brill		
Repercussion	1RR	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature is dealt damage, Repercussion deals that much damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Urza's Destiny	95	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Armistice	2W	3	Enchantment	{3}{W}{W}: You draw a card and target opponent gains 3 life.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	3	rare	Dan Frazier		
Common Cause	2W	3	Enchantment	Nonartifact creatures get +2/+2 as long as they all share a color.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	13	rare	John Matson		
Cornered Market	2W	3	Enchantment	"Players can't cast spells with the same name as a nontoken permanent.
Players can't play nonbasic lands with the same name as a nontoken permanent."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	14	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Crackdown	2W	3	Enchantment	Nonwhite creatures with power 3 or greater don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.	W	W	Mercadian Masques	15	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Moonlit Wake	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	29	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Righteous Indignation	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature blocks a black or red creature, the blocking creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Mercadian Masques	46	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Energy Flux	2U	3	Enchantment	"All artifacts have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this artifact unless you pay {2}."""	U	U	Mercadian Masques	78	uncommon	Qiao Dafu		
High Seas	2U	3	Enchantment	Red creature spells and green creature spells cost {1} more to cast.	U	U	Mercadian Masques	83	uncommon	Massimilano Frezzato		
War Tax	2U	3	Enchantment	"{X}{U}: This turn, creatures can't attack unless their controller pays {X} for each attacking creature they control."	U	U	Mercadian Masques	113	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Haunted Crossroads	2B	3	Enchantment	{B}: Put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library.	B	B	Mercadian Masques	138	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Liability	1BB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken permanent is put into a player's graveyard from the battlefield, that player loses 1 life."	B	B	Mercadian Masques	144	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Magistrate's Veto	2R	3	Enchantment	White creatures and blue creatures can't block.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	204	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Uphill Battle	2R	3	Enchantment	Creatures played by your opponents enter the battlefield tapped.	R	R	Mercadian Masques	222	uncommon	Pete Venters		
War Cadence	2R	3	Enchantment	"{X}{R}: This turn, creatures can't block unless their controller pays {X} for each blocking creature they control."	R	R	Mercadian Masques	224	uncommon	John Matson		
Briar Patch	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks you, it gets -1/-0 until end of turn."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	232	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Game Preserve	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each player reveals the top card of their library. If all cards revealed this way are creature cards, put those cards onto the battlefield under their owners' control."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	248	rare	Luca Zontini		
Aether Barrier	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a creature spell, that player sacrifices a permanent unless they pay {1}."	U	U	Nemesis	27	rare	David Martin		
Parallax Nexus	2B	3	Enchantment	"Fading 5 (This enchantment enters the battlefield with five fade counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a fade counter from it. If you can't, sacrifice it.)
Remove a fade counter from Parallax Nexus: Target opponent exiles a card from their hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
When Parallax Nexus leaves the battlefield, each player returns to their hand all cards they own exiled with Parallax Nexus."	B	B	Nemesis	63	rare	Greg Staples		
Mana Cache	1RR	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, put a charge counter on Mana Cache for each untapped land that player controls.
Remove a charge counter from Mana Cache: Add {C}. Any player may activate this ability but only during their turn before the end step."	R	R	Nemesis	92	rare	rk post		
Samite Sanctuary	2W	3	Enchantment	{2}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. Any player may activate this ability.	W	W	Prophecy	21	rare	Ben Thompson		
Endbringer's Revel	2B	3	Enchantment	{4}: Return target creature card from a graveyard to its owner's hand. Any player may activate this ability but only any time they could cast a sorcery.	B	B	Prophecy	63	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Citadel of Pain	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, Citadel of Pain deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of untapped lands they control."	R	R	Prophecy	86	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Task Mage Assembly	2R	3	Enchantment	"When there are no creatures on the battlefield, sacrifice Task Mage Assembly.
{2}: Task Mage Assembly deals 1 damage to target creature. Any player may activate this ability but only any time they could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Prophecy	105	rare	Val Mayerik		
Divine Presence	2W	3	Enchantment	"If a source would deal 4 or more damage to a permanent or player, that source deals 3 damage to that permanent or player instead."	W	W	Invasion	15	rare	Ron Spears		
Pure Reflection	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a creature spell, destroy all Reflections. Then that player creates an X/X white Reflection creature token, where X is the converted mana cost of that spell."	W	W	Invasion	27	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Rewards of Diversity	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a multicolored spell, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Invasion	32	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Spirit of Resistance	2W	3	Enchantment	"As long as you control a permanent of each color, prevent all damage that would be dealt to you."	W	W	Invasion	38	rare	John Avon		
Teferi's Care	2W	3	Enchantment	"{W}, Sacrifice an enchantment: Destroy target enchantment.
{3}{U}{U}: Counter target enchantment spell."	W	W	Invasion	43	uncommon	Scott Bailey		
Well-Laid Plans	2U	3	Enchantment	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to a creature by another creature if they share a color.	U	U	Invasion	88	rare	Kev Walker		
Tectonic Instability	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield, tap all lands its controller controls."	R	R	Invasion	173	rare	Rob Alexander		
Kavu Lair	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield, its controller draws a card."	G	G	Invasion	193	rare	Chippy		
Aether Rift	1RG	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, discard a card at random. If you discard a creature card this way, return it from your graveyard to the battlefield unless any player pays 5 life."	R	R	Invasion	227	rare	Heather Hudson		
Aura Shards	1GW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment."	W	W	Invasion	233	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Dueling Grounds	1GW	3	Enchantment	"No more than one creature can attack each combat.
No more than one creature can block each combat."	W	W	Invasion	245	rare	Pete Venters		
Fires of Yavimaya	1RG	3	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have haste.
Sacrifice Fires of Yavimaya: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Invasion	246	uncommon	Val Mayerik		
Overabundance	1RG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced, and Overabundance deals 1 damage to the player."	R	R	Invasion	259	rare	Ben Thompson		
Vile Consumption	1UB	3	Enchantment	"All creatures have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature unless you pay 1 life."""	U	U	Invasion	285	rare	Heather Hudson		
Lashknife Barrier	2W	3	Enchantment	"When Lashknife Barrier enters the battlefield, draw a card.
If a source would deal damage to a creature you control, it deals that much damage minus 1 to that creature instead."	W	W	Planeshift	9	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Planeswalker's Mirth	2W	3	Enchantment	{3}{W}: Target opponent reveals a card at random from their hand. You gain life equal to that card's converted mana cost.	W	W	Planeshift	12	rare	John Matson		
Planeswalker's Mischief	2U	3	Enchantment	"{3}{U}: Target opponent reveals a card at random from their hand. If it's an instant or sorcery card, exile it. You may cast it without paying its mana cost for as long as it remains exiled. (If it has X in its mana cost, X is 0.) At the beginning of the next end step, if you haven't cast it, return it to its owner's hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Planeshift	29	rare	Pete Venters		
Planeswalker's Scorn	2B	3	Enchantment	"{3}{B}: Target opponent reveals a card at random from their hand. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the revealed card's converted mana cost. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Planeshift	52	rare	Glen Angus		
Deadapult	2R	3	Enchantment	"{R}, Sacrifice a Zombie: Deadapult deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Planeshift	59	rare	Mark Brill		
Planeswalker's Fury	2R	3	Enchantment	{3}{R}: Target opponent reveals a card at random from their hand. Planeswalker's Fury deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to that player. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	R	R	Planeshift	70	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Planeswalker's Favor	2G	3	Enchantment	"{3}{G}: Target opponent reveals a card at random from their hand. Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the revealed card's converted mana cost."	G	G	Planeshift	86	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Destructive Flow	BRG	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a nonbasic land."	R	R	Planeshift	102	rare	Don Hazeltine		
Dralnu's Crusade	1BR	3	Enchantment	"Goblin creatures get +1/+1.
All Goblins are black and are Zombies in addition to their other creature types."	R	R	Planeshift	104	rare	Arnie Swekel		
Keldon Twilight	1BR	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, if no creatures attacked this turn, that player sacrifices a creature they controlled since the beginning of the turn."	R	R	Planeshift	112	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Phyrexian Tyranny	UBR	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player draws a card, that player loses 2 life unless they pay {2}."	U	U	Planeshift	118	rare	Kev Walker		
Dega Sanctuary	2W	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a black or red permanent, you gain 2 life. If you control a black permanent and a red permanent, you gain 4 life instead."	W	W	Apocalypse	5	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Ceta Sanctuary	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a red or green permanent, draw a card, then discard a card. If you control a red permanent and a green permanent, instead draw two cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Apocalypse	20	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Necra Sanctuary	2B	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a green or white permanent, target player loses 1 life. If you control a green permanent and a white permanent, that player loses 3 life instead."	B	B	Apocalypse	45	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Raka Sanctuary	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a white or blue permanent, Raka Sanctuary deals 1 damage to target creature. If you control a white permanent and a blue permanent, Raka Sanctuary deals 3 damage to that creature instead."	R	R	Apocalypse	67	uncommon	David Martin		
Wild Research	2R	3	Enchantment	"{1}{W}: Search your library for an enchantment card and reveal that card. Put it into your hand, then discard a card at random. Then shuffle your library.
{1}{U}: Search your library for an instant card and reveal that card. Put it into your hand, then discard a card at random. Then shuffle your library."	R	W	Apocalypse	72	rare	Gary Ruddell		
Ana Sanctuary	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a blue or black permanent, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. If you control a blue permanent and a black permanent, that creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn instead."	G	G	Apocalypse	74	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Symbiotic Deployment	2G	3	Enchantment	"Skip your draw step.
{1}, Tap two untapped creatures you control: Draw a card."	G	G	Apocalypse	88	rare	Kev Walker		
Goblin Trenches	1RW	3	Enchantment	"{2}, Sacrifice a land: Create two 1/1 red and white Goblin Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Apocalypse	104	rare	Wayne England		
Overgrown Estate	WBG	3	Enchantment	Sacrifice a land: You gain 3 life.	W	W	Apocalypse	113	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pernicious Deed	1BG	3	Enchantment	"{X}, Sacrifice Pernicious Deed: Destroy each artifact, creature, and enchantment with converted mana cost X or less."	G	G	Apocalypse	114	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Aven Shrine	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, that player gains X life, where X is the number of cards in all graveyards with the same name as that spell."	W	W	Odyssey	9	rare	Wayne England		
Divine Sacrament	1WW	3	Enchantment	"White creatures get +1/+1.
Threshold ? White creatures get an additional +1/+1 as long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard."	W	W	Odyssey	19	rare	Ray Lago		
Karmic Justice	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a spell or ability an opponent controls destroys a noncreature permanent you control, you may destroy target permanent that opponent controls."	W	W	Odyssey	26	rare	Ray Lago		
Cephalid Shrine	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, counter that spell unless that player pays {X}, where X is the number of cards in all graveyards with the same name as the spell."	U	U	Odyssey	75	rare	Wayne England		
Think Tank	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard."	U	U	Odyssey	104	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Cabal Shrine	1BB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, that player discards X cards, where X is the number of cards in all graveyards with the same name as that spell."	B	B	Odyssey	121	rare	Ben Thompson		
Decaying Soil	1BB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, exile a card from your graveyard.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Decaying Soil has ""Whenever a nontoken creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {1}. If you do, return that card to your hand."""	B	B	Odyssey	127	rare	Don Hazeltine		
Gravestorm	BBB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent may exile a card from their graveyard. If that player doesn't, you may draw a card."	B	B	Odyssey	141	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Malevolent Awakening	1BB	3	Enchantment	"{1}{B}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Odyssey	147	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dwarven Shrine	1RR	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, Dwarven Shrine deals X damage to that player, where X is twice the number of cards in all graveyards with the same name as that spell."	R	R	Odyssey	187	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Magma Vein	2R	3	Enchantment	"{R}, Sacrifice a land: Magma Vein deals 1 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Odyssey	203	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Price of Glory	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a land for mana, if it's not that player's turn, destroy that land."	R	R	Odyssey	214	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Bearscape	1GG	3	Enchantment	"{1}{G}, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Create a 2/2 green Bear creature token."	G	G	Odyssey	229	rare	Heather Hudson		
Holistic Wisdom	1GG	3	Enchantment	"{2}, Exile a card from your hand: Return target card from your graveyard to your hand if it shares a card type with the card exiled this way. (Artifact, creature, enchantment, instant, land, planeswalker, sorcery, and tribal are card types.)"	G	G	Odyssey	243	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Nantuko Shrine	1GG	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, that player creates X 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens, where X is the number of cards in all graveyards with the same name as that spell."	G	G	Odyssey	256	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Still Life	1GG	3	Enchantment	{G}{G}: Still Life becomes a 4/3 Centaur creature in addition to its other types until end of turn.	G	G	Odyssey	275	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Mortiphobia	1BB	3	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Discard a card: Exile target card from a graveyard.
{1}{B}, Sacrifice Mortiphobia: Exile target card from a graveyard."	B	B	Torment	72	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Pyromania	2R	3	Enchantment	"{1}{R}, Discard a card at random: Pyromania deals 1 damage to any target.
{1}{R}, Sacrifice Pyromania: It deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Torment	112	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Narcissism	2G	3	Enchantment	"{G}, Discard a card: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
{G}, Sacrifice Narcissism: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Torment	134	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Solitary Confinement	2W	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Solitary Confinement unless you discard a card.
Skip your draw step.
You have shroud. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you."	W	W	Judgment	24	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Spirit Cairn	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player discards a card, you may pay {W}. If you do, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Judgment	26	uncommon	Gary Ruddell		
Web of Inertia	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on each opponent's turn, that player may exile a card from their graveyard. If the player doesn't, creatures they control can't attack you this turn."	U	U	Judgment	53	uncommon	Don Hazeltine		
Planar Chaos	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, sacrifice Planar Chaos.
Whenever a player casts a spell, that player flips a coin. If they lose the flip, counter that spell."	R	R	Judgment	97	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Astral Slide	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player cycles a card, you may exile target creature. If you do, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Onslaught	4	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Convalescent Care	1WW	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have 5 or less life, you gain 3 life and draw a card."	W	W	Onslaught	14	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Words of Worship	2W	3	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, you gain 5 life instead."	W	W	Onslaught	61	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Words of Wind	2U	3	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, each player returns a permanent they control to its owner's hand instead."	U	U	Onslaught	122	rare	Eric Peterson		
Words of Waste	2B	3	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, each opponent discards a card instead."	B	B	Onslaught	182	rare	Jerry Tiritilli		
Aggravated Assault	2R	3	Enchantment	"{3}{R}{R}: Untap all creatures you control. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Onslaught	185	rare	Greg Staples		
Words of War	2R	3	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, Words of War deals 2 damage to any target instead."	R	R	Onslaught	244	rare	Justin Sweet		
Enchantress's Presence	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card."	G	G	Onslaught	261	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Overwhelming Instinct	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, draw a card."	G	G	Onslaught	276	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Words of Wilding	2G	3	Enchantment	"{1}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, create a 2/2 green Bear creature token instead."	G	G	Onslaught	305	rare	Wayne England		
Faces of the Past	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, tap all untapped creatures that share a creature type with it or untap all tapped creatures that share a creature type with it."	U	U	Scourge	35	rare	Wayne England		
Unspeakable Symbol	1BB	3	Enchantment	Pay 3 life: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	B	B	Scourge	79	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Soul Echo	XWW	2	Enchantment	"Soul Echo enters the battlefield with X echo counters on it.
You don't lose the game for having 0 or less life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Soul Echo if there are no echo counters on it. Otherwise, target opponent may choose that for each 1 damage that would be dealt to you until your next upkeep, you remove an echo counter from Soul Echo instead."	W	W	Mirage	40	rare	Ron Spencer		
Energy Vortex	3UU	5	Enchantment	"As Energy Vortex enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove all vortex counters from Energy Vortex.
At the beginning of the chosen player's upkeep, Energy Vortex deals 3 damage to that player unless they pay {1} for each vortex counter on Energy Vortex.
{X}: Put X vortex counters on Energy Vortex. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	U	U	Mirage	64	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Shimmer	2UU	4	Enchantment	"As Shimmer enters the battlefield, choose a land type.
Each land of the chosen type has phasing. (It phases in or out before its controller untaps during each of their untap steps. While it's phased out, it's treated as though it doesn't exist.)"	U	U	Mirage	92	rare	David A. Cherry		
Forbidden Crypt	3BB	5	Enchantment	"If you would draw a card, return a card from your graveyard to your hand instead. If you can't, you lose the game.
If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, exile that card instead."	B	B	Mirage	124	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Afiya Grove	1G	2	Enchantment	"Afiya Grove enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, move a +1/+1 counter from Afiya Grove onto target creature.
When Afiya Grove has no +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice it."	G	G	Mirage	205	rare	Stuart Griffin		
Barbed Foliage	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks you, it loses flanking until end of turn.
Whenever a creature without flying attacks you, Barbed Foliage deals 1 damage to it."	G	G	Mirage	207	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Preferred Selection	2GG	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top two cards of your library. You may sacrifice Preferred Selection and pay {2}{G}{G}. If you do, put one of those cards into your hand. If you don't, put one of those cards on the bottom of your library."	G	G	Mirage	233	rare	Kev Walker		
Mockery of Nature	9	9	Creature ? Eldrazi Beast	"Emerge {7}{G} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment."		G	Eldritch Moon	10	uncommon	James Ryman		
Vexing Scuttler	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi Crab	"Emerge {6}{U} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."		U	Eldritch Moon	11	uncommon	James Paick		
Geist of the Lonely Vigil	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"Defender, flying
Delirium ? Geist of the Lonely Vigil can attack as though it didn't have defender as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	27	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Subjugator Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Subjugator Angel enters the battlefield, tap all creatures your opponents control."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	45	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Advanced Stitchwing	3UU	5	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Flying
{2}{U}, Discard two cards: Return Advanced Stitchwing from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	49	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Dusk Feaster	5BB	7	Creature ? Vampire	"Delirium ? This spell costs {2} less to cast if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.
Flying"	B	B	Eldritch Moon	88	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Graf Harvest	B	1	Enchantment	"Zombies you control have menace. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
{3}{B}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	90	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Markov Crusader	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Lifelink
Markov Crusader has haste as long as you control another Vampire."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	95	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Ruthless Disposal	4B	5	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card and sacrifice a creature.
Two target creatures each get -13/-13 until end of turn."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	103	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Vampire Cutthroat	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Eldritch Moon	110	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Whispers of Emrakul	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target opponent discards a card at random.
Delirium ? If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, that player discards two cards at random instead."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	114	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Deranged Whelp	1R	2	Creature ? Wolf	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Eldritch Moon	125	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Furyblade Vampire	1R	2	Creature ? Vampire Berserker	"Trample
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may discard a card. If you do, Furyblade Vampire gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	128	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Incendiary Flow	1R	2	Sorcery	"Incendiary Flow deals 3 damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	133	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Crop Sigil	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put the top card of your library into your graveyard.
Delirium ? {2}{G}, Sacrifice Crop Sigil: Return up to one target creature card and up to one target land card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	153	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Gnarlwood Dryad	G	1	Creature ? Dryad Horror	"Deathtouch
Delirium ? Gnarlwood Dryad gets +2/+2 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	159	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Noose Constrictor	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	"Reach
Discard a card: Noose Constrictor gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	164	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Somberwald Stag	3GG	5	Creature ? Elk	"When Somberwald Stag enters the battlefield, you may have it fight target creature you don't control."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	169	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Campaign of Vengeance	3WB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	182	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Nephalia Academy		0	Land	"If a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard a card, you may reveal that card and put it on top of your library instead of putting it anywhere else.
{T}: Add {C}."			Eldritch Moon	205	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Gearshift Ace	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Pilot	"First strike
Whenever Gearshift Ace crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	16	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Servo Exhibition	1W	2	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.	W	W	Kaladesh	27	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Trusty Companion	1W	2	Creature ? Hyena	"Vigilance
Trusty Companion can't attack alone."	W	W	Kaladesh	33	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Aether Meltdown	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature or Vehicle
When Aether Meltdown enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Enchanted permanent gets -4/-0."	U	U	Kaladesh	36	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Era of Innovation	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an artifact or Artificer enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {1}. If you do, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}, Sacrifice Era of Innovation: Draw three cards."	U	U	Kaladesh	45	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Experimental Aviator	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Flying
When Experimental Aviator enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying."	U	U	Kaladesh	46	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Glint-Nest Crane	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Glint-Nest Crane enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Kaladesh	50	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Minister of Inquiries	U	1	Creature ? Vedalken Advisor	"When Minister of Inquiries enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Kaladesh	57	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Shrewd Negotiation	4U	5	Sorcery	Exchange control of target artifact you control and target artifact or creature you don't control.	U	U	Kaladesh	64	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Embraal Bruiser	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Embraal Bruiser enters the battlefield tapped.
Embraal Bruiser has menace as long as you control an artifact."	B	B	Kaladesh	79	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Fretwork Colony	1B	2	Creature ? Insect	"Fretwork Colony can't block.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Fretwork Colony and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Kaladesh	83	uncommon	Christopher Burdett		
Harsh Scrutiny	B	1	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a creature card from it. That player discards that card. Scry 1.	B	B	Kaladesh	85	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Underhanded Designs	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {1}. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
{1}{B}, Sacrifice Underhanded Designs: Destroy target creature. Activate this ability only if you control two or more artifacts."	B	B	Kaladesh	104	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Inventor's Apprentice	R	1	Creature ? Human Artificer	Inventor's Apprentice gets +1/+1 as long as you control an artifact.	R	R	Kaladesh	120	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Spark of Creativity	R	1	Sorcery	"Choose target creature. Exile the top card of your library. You may have Spark of Creativity deal damage to that creature equal to the exiled card's converted mana cost. If you don't, you may play that card until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	131	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Speedway Fanatic	1R	2	Creature ? Human Pilot	"Haste
Whenever Speedway Fanatic crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	132	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Arborback Stomper	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
When Arborback Stomper enters the battlefield, you gain 5 life."	G	G	Kaladesh	142	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Elegant Edgecrafters	4GG	6	Creature ? Elf Artificer	"Elegant Edgecrafters can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)"	G	G	Kaladesh	154	uncommon	Sean Sevestre		
Longtusk Cub	1G	2	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Longtusk Cub deals combat damage to a player, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Longtusk Cub."	G	G	Kaladesh	161	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Nature's Way	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature you control gains vigilance and trample until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.	G	G	Kaladesh	162	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Servant of the Conduit	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Servant of the Conduit enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Kaladesh	169	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Cloudblazer	3WU	5	Creature ? Human Scout	"Flying
When Cloudblazer enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life and draw two cards."	W	W	Kaladesh	176	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Contraband Kingpin	UB	2	Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	"Lifelink
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1."	U	U	Kaladesh	177	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Engineered Might	3GW	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn.
? Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	181	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Veteran Motorist	RW	2	Creature ? Dwarf Pilot	"When Veteran Motorist enters the battlefield, scry 2.
Whenever Veteran Motorist crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	188	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Voltaic Brawler	RG	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Voltaic Brawler enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Voltaic Brawler attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, it gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	189	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Ballista Charger	5	5	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Whenever Ballista Charger attacks, it deals 1 damage to any target.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	196	uncommon	Sung Choi		
Decoction Module	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E} (an energy counter).
{4}, {T}: Return target creature you control to its owner's hand."			Kaladesh	205	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Demolition Stomper	6	6	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Demolition Stomper can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
Crew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	206	uncommon	James Paick		
Perpetual Timepiece	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
{2}, Exile Perpetual Timepiece: Shuffle any number of target cards from your graveyard into your library."			Kaladesh	227	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Aether Hub		0	Land	"When Aether Hub enters the battlefield, you get {E} (an energy counter).
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay {E}: Add one mana of any color."			Kaladesh	242	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Sequestered Stash		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Sequestered Stash: Put the top five cards of your library into your graveyard. Then you may put an artifact card from your graveyard on top of your library."			Kaladesh	248	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Airdrop Aeronauts	3WW	5	Creature ? Dwarf Scout	"Flying
Revolt ? When Airdrop Aeronauts enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, you gain 5 life."	W	W	Aether Revolt	5	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Restoration Specialist	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"{W}, Sacrifice Restoration Specialist: Return up to one target artifact card and up to one target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Aether Revolt	21	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Reverse Engineer	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Draw three cards."	U	U	Aether Revolt	42	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Salvage Scuttler	4U	5	Creature ? Crab	"Whenever Salvage Scuttler attacks, return an artifact you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Aether Revolt	43	uncommon	Tony Foti		
Shielded Aether Thief	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Rogue	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Whenever Shielded Aether Thief blocks, you get {E} (an energy counter).
{T}, Pay {E}{E}{E}: Draw a card."	U	U	Aether Revolt	44	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Skyship Plunderer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
Whenever Skyship Plunderer deals combat damage to a player, for each kind of counter on target permanent or player, give that permanent or player another counter of that kind."	U	U	Aether Revolt	46	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Wind-Kin Raiders	4UU	6	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Flying"	U	U	Aether Revolt	50	uncommon	Shreya Shetty		
Gonti's Machinations	B	1	Enchantment	"Whenever you lose life for the first time each turn, you get {E}. (You get an energy counter. Damage causes loss of life.)
Pay {E}{E}, Sacrifice Gonti's Machinations: Each opponent loses 3 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."	B	B	Aether Revolt	63	uncommon	Daarken		
Ironclad Revolutionary	4BB	6	Creature ? Aetherborn Artificer	"When Ironclad Revolutionary enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Ironclad Revolutionary and each opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Aether Revolt	65	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Sly Requisitioner	4B	5	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Whenever a nontoken artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	B	B	Aether Revolt	72	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Enraged Giant	5R	6	Creature ? Giant	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Trample, haste"	R	R	Aether Revolt	80	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Ravenous Intruder	1R	2	Creature ? Gremlin	Sacrifice an artifact: Ravenous Intruder gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	R	R	Aether Revolt	94	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Hidden Herbalists	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Revolt ? When Hidden Herbalists enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, add {G}{G}."	G	G	Aether Revolt	110	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Monstrous Onslaught	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Monstrous Onslaught deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control as you cast this spell."	G	G	Aether Revolt	116	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Narnam Renegade	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Deathtouch
Revolt ? Narnam Renegade enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn."	G	G	Aether Revolt	117	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Ridgescale Tusker	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	"When Ridgescale Tusker enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control."	G	G	Aether Revolt	121	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Maverick Thopterist	3UR	5	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
When Maverick Thopterist enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying."	U	U	Aether Revolt	130	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Winding Constrictor	BG	2	Creature ? Snake	"If one or more counters would be put on an artifact or creature you control, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead.
If you would get one or more counters, you get that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters instead."	G	G	Aether Revolt	140	uncommon	Izzy		
Barricade Breaker	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Barricade Breaker attacks each combat if able."			Aether Revolt	144	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Consulate Dreadnought	1	1	Artifact ? Vehicle	Crew 6 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 6 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)			Aether Revolt	146	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Pacification Array	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Tap target artifact or creature."			Aether Revolt	168	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Servo Schematic	2	2	Artifact	"When Servo Schematic enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."			Aether Revolt	176	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Oketra's Attendant	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
Embalm {3}{W}{W} ({3}{W}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Bird Soldier with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	22	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Seraph of the Suns	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Indestructible (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this creature. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	28	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Trueheart Duelist	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trueheart Duelist can block an additional creature each combat.
Embalm {2}{W} ({2}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Human Warrior with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	35	uncommon	Izzy		
Cryptic Serpent	5UU	7	Creature ? Serpent	This spell costs {1} less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.	U	U	Amonkhet	48	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Labyrinth Guardian	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion Warrior	"When Labyrinth Guardian becomes the target of a spell, sacrifice it.
Embalm {3}{U} ({3}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Illusion Warrior with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	60	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Lay Claim	5UU	7	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
You control enchanted permanent.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	61	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Open into Wonder	XUU	2	Sorcery	"X target creatures can't be blocked this turn. Until end of turn, those creatures gain ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."""	U	U	Amonkhet	64	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Ruthless Sniper	B	1	Creature ? Human Archer	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, you may pay {1}. If you do, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	B	B	Amonkhet	105	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Stir the Sands	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Create three 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.
Cycling {3}{B} ({3}{B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Stir the Sands, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Amonkhet	110	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Trial of Ambition	1B	2	Enchantment	"When Trial of Ambition enters the battlefield, target opponent sacrifices a creature.
When a Cartouche enters the battlefield under your control, return Trial of Ambition to its owner's hand."	B	B	Amonkhet	113	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Battlefield Scavenger	1R	2	Creature ? Jackal Rogue	"You may exert Battlefield Scavenger as it attacks. (It won't untap during your next untap step.)
Whenever you exert a creature, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Amonkhet	118	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Bloodrage Brawler	1R	2	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"When Bloodrage Brawler enters the battlefield, discard a card."	R	R	Amonkhet	121	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Consuming Fervor	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -1/-1 counter on this creature."""	R	R	Amonkhet	126	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Exemplar of Strength	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Exemplar of Strength enters the battlefield, put three -1/-1 counters on target creature you control.
Whenever Exemplar of Strength attacks, remove a -1/-1 counter from it. If you do, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Amonkhet	165	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Scaled Behemoth	4GG	6	Creature ? Crocodile	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Amonkhet	184	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Shefet Monitor	5G	6	Creature ? Lizard	"Cycling {3}{G} ({3}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Shefet Monitor, you may search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. (Do this before you draw.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	186	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Sixth Sense	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."""	G	G	Amonkhet	187	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Decimator Beetle	3BG	5	Creature ? Insect	"When Decimator Beetle enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature you control.
Whenever Decimator Beetle attacks, remove a -1/-1 counter from target creature you control and put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature defending player controls."	G	G	Amonkhet	197	uncommon	Adrian Majkrzak		
Honored Crop-Captain	RW	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Honored Crop-Captain attacks, other attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Amonkhet	200	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Shadowstorm Vizier	UB	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Flying
Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Shadowstorm Vizier gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Amonkhet	206	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Wayward Servant	WB	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever another Zombie enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Amonkhet	208	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Embalmer's Tools	2	2	Artifact	"Activated abilities of creature cards in your graveyard cost {1} less to activate.
Tap an untapped Zombie you control: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."			Amonkhet	227	uncommon	Adrian Majkrzak		
Grasping Dunes		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Grasping Dunes: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Amonkhet	244	uncommon	Daarken		
Angel of the God-Pharaoh	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	4	uncommon	E. M. Gist		
Saving Grace	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature you control
When Saving Grace enters the battlefield, all damage that would be dealt this turn to you and permanents you control is dealt to enchanted creature instead.
Enchanted creature gets +0/+3."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	21	uncommon	McLean Kendree		
Steward of Solidarity	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"{T}, Exert Steward of Solidarity: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token with vigilance. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	25	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Ominous Sphinx	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever you cycle or discard a card, target creature an opponent controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	41	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Riddleform	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may have Riddleform become a 3/3 Sphinx creature with flying in addition to its other types until end of turn.
{2}{U}: Scry 1."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	43	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Liliana's Defeat	B	1	Sorcery	"Destroy target black creature or black planeswalker. If that permanent was a Liliana planeswalker, her controller loses 3 life."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	68	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Razaketh's Rite	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Cycling {B} ({B}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	74	uncommon	Izzy		
Vile Manifestation	1B	2	Creature ? Horror	"Vile Manifestation gets +1/+0 for each card with cycling in your graveyard.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	80	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Burning-Fist Minotaur	1R	2	Creature ? Minotaur Wizard	"First strike
{1}{R}, Discard a card: Burning-Fist Minotaur gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	85	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Inferno Jet	5R	6	Sorcery	"Inferno Jet deals 6 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Hour of Devastation	99	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Hope Tender	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"{1}, {T}: Untap target land.
{1}, {T}, Exert Hope Tender: Untap two target lands. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	119	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Overcome	3GG	5	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain trample until end of turn.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	125	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Quarry Beetle	4G	5	Creature ? Insect	"When Quarry Beetle enters the battlefield, you may return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	127	uncommon	Mike Burns		
Sifter Wurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Sifter Wurm enters the battlefield, scry 3, then reveal the top card of your library. You gain life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	135	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
River Hoopoe	GU	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{3}{G}{U}: You gain 2 life and draw a card."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	143	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Crook of Condemnation	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Exile target card from a graveyard.
{1}, Exile Crook of Condemnation: Exile all cards from all graveyards."			Hour of Devastation	159	uncommon	Ben Maier		
Dagger of the Worthy	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has afflict 1. (Whenever it becomes blocked, defending player loses 1 life.)
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Hour of Devastation	160	uncommon	Tommy Arnold		
Sunset Pyramid	2	2	Artifact	"Sunset Pyramid enters the battlefield with three brick counters on it.
{2}, {T}, Remove a brick counter from Sunset Pyramid: Draw a card.
{2}, {T}: Scry 1."			Hour of Devastation	166	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Crypt of the Eternals		0	Land	"When Crypt of the Eternals enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {U}, {B}, or {R}."		U	Hour of Devastation	169	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Dunes of the Dead		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
When Dunes of the Dead is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."			Hour of Devastation	175	uncommon	E. M. Gist		
Hashep Oasis		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {G}.
{1}{G}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a Desert: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."		G	Hour of Devastation	177	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Ipnu Rivulet		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {U}.
{1}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice a Desert: Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."		U	Hour of Devastation	180	uncommon	James Paick		
Jeskai Barricade	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Defender
When Jeskai Barricade enters the battlefield, you may return another target creature you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Fate Reforged	15	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Fascination	XUU	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Each player draws X cards.
? Each player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Fate Reforged	34	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Mindscour Dragon	4UU	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Mindscour Dragon deals combat damage to an opponent, target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Fate Reforged	41	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Shifting Loyalties	5U	6	Sorcery	"Exchange control of two target permanents that share a card type. (Artifact, creature, enchantment, land, and planeswalker are card types.)"	U	U	Fate Reforged	51	uncommon	James Ryman		
Battle Brawler	1B	2	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"As long as you control a red or white permanent, Battle Brawler gets +1/+0 and has first strike."	B	B	Fate Reforged	63	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Noxious Dragon	4BB	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Noxious Dragon dies, you may destroy target creature with converted mana cost 3 or less."	B	B	Fate Reforged	77	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Break Through the Line	1R	2	Enchantment	{R}: Target creature with power 2 or less gains haste until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.	R	R	Fate Reforged	94	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Battlefront Krushok	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Battlefront Krushok can't be blocked by more than one creature.
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it can't be blocked by more than one creature."	G	G	Fate Reforged	125	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Destructor Dragon	4GG	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Destructor Dragon dies, destroy target noncreature permanent."	G	G	Fate Reforged	127	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Hero's Blade	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+2.
Whenever a legendary creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Hero's Blade to it.
Equip {4}"			Fate Reforged	160	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Strongarm Monk	4W	5	Creature ? Human Monk	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	39	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Blood-Chin Rager	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Blood-Chin Rager attacks, Warrior creatures you control gain menace until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	89	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Roast	1R	2	Sorcery	Roast deals 5 damage to target creature without flying.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	151	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Cunning Breezedancer	4WU	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Cunning Breezedancer gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	215	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Kor Entanglers	4W	5	Creature ? Kor Soldier Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Kor Entanglers or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	36	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Ondu Rising	1W	2	Sorcery	"Whenever a creature attacks this turn, it gains lifelink until end of turn.
Awaken 4?{4}{W} (If you cast this spell for {4}{W}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	41	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Serene Steward	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric Ally	"Whenever you gain life, you may pay {W}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	46	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Zulaport Cutthroat	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue Ally	"Whenever Zulaport Cutthroat or another creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	126	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Roiling Waters	5UU	7	Sorcery	Return up to two target creatures your opponents control to their owners' hands. Target player draws two cards.	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	62	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Wispweaver Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Wispweaver Angel enters the battlefield, you may exile another target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Kaladesh	35	uncommon	James Ryman		
Durable Handicraft	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {1}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.
{5}{G}, Sacrifice Durable Handicraft: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	G	G	Kaladesh	153	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Aerial Modification	4W	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature or Vehicle
As long as enchanted permanent is a Vehicle, it's a creature in addition to its other types.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying."	W	W	Aether Revolt	1	uncommon	Jung Park		
Gifted Aetherborn	BB	2	Creature ? Aetherborn Vampire	"Deathtouch, lifelink"	B	B	Aether Revolt	61	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Hidden Stockpile	WB	2	Enchantment	"Revolt ? At the beginning of your end step, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Scry 1."	W	W	Aether Revolt	129	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Protection of the Hekma	4W	5	Enchantment	"If a source an opponent controls would deal damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage."	W	W	Amonkhet	23	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Vizier of Remedies	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"If one or more -1/-1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many -1/-1 counters minus one are put on it instead."	W	W	Amonkhet	38	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Angler Drake	4UU	6	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Angler Drake enters the battlefield, you may return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Amonkhet	41	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Lay Bare the Heart	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonlegendary, nonland card from it. That player discards that card."	B	B	Amonkhet	96	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Flameblade Adept	R	1	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"Menace
Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Flameblade Adept gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Amonkhet	131	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Trueheart Twins	4R	5	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"You may exert Trueheart Twins as it attacks. (It won't untap during your next untap step.)
Whenever you exert a creature, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Amonkhet	153	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Watchers of the Dead	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Cat	Exile Watchers of the Dead: Each opponent chooses two cards in their graveyard and exiles the rest.			Amonkhet	238	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Manticore Eternal	3RR	5	Creature ? Zombie Manticore	"Afflict 3 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 3 life.)
Manticore Eternal attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	103	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Ifnir Deadlands		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {B}.
{2}{B}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice a Desert: Put two -1/-1 counters on target creature an opponent controls. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."		B	Hour of Devastation	179	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Ramunap Ruins		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {R}.
{2}{R}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice a Desert: Ramunap Ruins deals 2 damage to each opponent."		R	Hour of Devastation	181	uncommon	Florian de Gesincourt		
Shefet Dunes		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {W}.
{2}{W}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice a Desert: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."		W	Hour of Devastation	183	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Mastery of the Unseen	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, you gain 1 life for each creature you control.
{3}{W}: Manifest the top card of your library. (Put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	W	W	Fate Reforged	19	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Sage-Eye Avengers	4UU	6	Creature ? Djinn Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Sage-Eye Avengers attacks, you may return target creature to its owner's hand if its power is less than Sage-Eye Avengers's power."	U	U	Fate Reforged	50	rare	Dan Scott		
Archfiend of Depravity	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of each opponent's end step, that player chooses up to two creatures they control, then sacrifices the rest."	B	B	Fate Reforged	62	rare	Daarken		
Crux of Fate	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy all Dragon creatures.
? Destroy all non-Dragon creatures."	B	B	Fate Reforged	65	rare	Michael Komarck		
Palace Siege	3BB	5	Enchantment	"As Palace Siege enters the battlefield, choose Khans or Dragons.
? Khans ? At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Dragons ? At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Fate Reforged	79	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Soulflayer	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
If a creature card with flying was exiled with Soulflayer's delve ability, Soulflayer has flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, reach, trample, and vigilance."	B	B	Fate Reforged	84	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Flamerush Rider	4R	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Flamerush Rider attacks, create a token that's a copy of another target attacking creature and that's tapped and attacking. Exile the token at end of combat.
Dash {2}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	99	rare	Min Yum		
Mob Rule	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Gain control of all creatures with power 4 or greater until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn.
? Gain control of all creatures with power 3 or less until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Fate Reforged	109	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Sandsteppe Mastodon	5GG	7	Creature ? Elephant	"Reach
When Sandsteppe Mastodon enters the battlefield, bolster 5. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put five +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Fate Reforged	137	rare	James Zapata		
Shamanic Revelation	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Draw a card for each creature you control.
Ferocious ? You gain 4 life for each creature you control with power 4 or greater."	G	G	Fate Reforged	138	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Temur War Shaman	4GG	6	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Temur War Shaman enters the battlefield, manifest the top card of your library. (Put that card onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)
Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, if it's a creature, you may have it fight target creature you don't control."	G	G	Fate Reforged	142	rare	Nils Hamm		
Wildcall	XGG	2	Sorcery	"Manifest the top card of your library, then put X +1/+1 counters on it. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	G	G	Fate Reforged	146	rare	Adam Paquette		
"Atarka, World Render"	5RG	7	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample
Whenever a Dragon you control attacks, it gains double strike until end of turn."	R	R	Fate Reforged	149	rare	Karl Kopinski		
"Dromoka, the Eternal"	3GW	5	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a Dragon you control attacks, bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)"	W	W	Fate Reforged	151	rare	Eric Deschamps		
"Kolaghan, the Storm's Fury"	3BR	5	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a Dragon you control attacks, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
Dash {3}{B}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	155	rare	Jaime Jones		
"Ojutai, Soul of Winter"	5WU	7	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, vigilance
Whenever a Dragon you control attacks, tap target nonland permanent an opponent controls. That permanent doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	W	W	Fate Reforged	156	rare	Chase Stone		
"Silumgar, the Drifting Death"	4UB	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, hexproof
Whenever a Dragon you control attacks, creatures defending player controls get -1/-1 until end of turn."	U	U	Fate Reforged	157	rare	Steven Belledin		
Scroll of the Masters	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a lore counter on Scroll of the Masters.
{3}, {T}: Target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each lore counter on Scroll of the Masters."			Fate Reforged	163	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Crucible of the Spirit Dragon		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Crucible of the Spirit Dragon.
{T}, Remove X storage counters from Crucible of the Spirit Dragon: Add X mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast Dragon spells or activate abilities of Dragons."			Fate Reforged	167	rare	Jung Park		
"Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit"	WW	2	Legendary Creature ? Spirit Soldier	"Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	2	rare	Ryan Yee		
Gleam of Authority	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each +1/+1 counter on other creatures you control.
Enchanted creature has vigilance and ""{W}, {T}: Bolster 1."" (To bolster 1, choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	19	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Hidden Dragonslayer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Lifelink
Megamorph {2}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Hidden Dragonslayer is turned face up, destroy target creature with power 4 or greater an opponent controls."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	23	rare	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Myth Realized	W	1	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a lore counter on Myth Realized.
{2}{W}: Put a lore counter on Myth Realized.
{W}: Until end of turn, Myth Realized becomes a Monk Avatar creature in addition to its other types and gains ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lore counters on it."""	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	26	rare	Jason Rainville		
Profound Journey	5WW	7	Sorcery	"Return target permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	30	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Sunscorch Regent	3WW	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Sunscorch Regent and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	41	rare	Matt Stewart		
Icefall Regent	3UU	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Icefall Regent enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as you control Icefall Regent.
Spells your opponents cast that target Icefall Regent cost {2} more to cast."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	58	rare	David Gaillet		
Illusory Gains	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, attach Illusory Gains to that creature."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	59	rare	Kev Walker		
Mirror Mockery	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, you may create a token that's a copy of that creature. Exile that token at end of combat."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	62	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Stratus Dancer	1U	2	Creature ? Djinn Monk	"Flying
Megamorph {1}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Stratus Dancer is turned face up, counter target instant or sorcery spell."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	80	rare	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Damnable Pact	XBB	2	Sorcery	Target player draws X cards and loses X life.	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	93	rare	Zack Stella		
Deathbringer Regent	5BB	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Deathbringer Regent enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand and there are five or more other creatures on the battlefield, destroy all other creatures."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	96	rare	Adam Paquette		
Hedonist's Trove	5BB	7	Enchantment	"When Hedonist's Trove enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target opponent's graveyard.
You may play land cards exiled with Hedonist's Trove.
You may cast nonland cards exiled with Hedonist's Trove. You can't cast more than one spell this way each turn."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	106	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
"Sidisi, Undead Vizier"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Naga	"Deathtouch
Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Sidisi, Undead Vizier exploits a creature, you may search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	120	rare	Min Yum		
Silumgar Assassin	1B	2	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Creatures with power greater than Silumgar Assassin's power can't block it.
Megamorph {2}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Silumgar Assassin is turned face up, destroy target creature with power 3 or less an opponent controls."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	121	rare	Yohann Schepacz		
Berserkers' Onslaught	3RR	5	Enchantment	Attacking creatures you control have double strike.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	130	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Dragon Tempest	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, it gains haste until end of turn.
Whenever a Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of Dragons you control."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	136	rare	Willian Murai		
Ire Shaman	1R	2	Creature ? Orc Shaman	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Megamorph {R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Ire Shaman is turned face up, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	141	rare	Jack Wang		
Volcanic Vision	5RR	7	Sorcery	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Volcanic Vision deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to each creature your opponents control. Exile Volcanic Vision.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	167	rare	Noah Bradley		
Assault Formation	1G	2	Enchantment	"Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
{G}: Target creature with defender can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender.
{2}{G}: Creatures you control get +0/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	173	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Avatar of the Resolute	GG	2	Creature ? Avatar	"Reach, trample
Avatar of the Resolute enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	175	rare	Jeff Simpson		
Den Protector	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Creatures with power less than Den Protector's power can't block it.
Megamorph {1}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Den Protector is turned face up, return target card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	181	rare	Viktor Titov		
Foe-Razer Regent	5GG	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Foe-Razer Regent enters the battlefield, you may have it fight target creature you don't control.
Whenever a creature you control fights, put two +1/+1 counters on it at the beginning of the next end step."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	187	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Obscuring Aether	G	1	Enchantment	"Face-down creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
{1}{G}: Turn Obscuring Aether face down. (It becomes a 2/2 creature.)"	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	194	rare	Min Yum		
Arashin Sovereign	5GW	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Arashin Sovereign dies, you may put it on the top or bottom of its owner's library."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	212	rare	Dan Scott		
Boltwing Marauder	3BR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	214	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Harbinger of the Hunt	3RG	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{2}{R}: Harbinger of the Hunt deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.
{2}{G}: Harbinger of the Hunt deals 1 damage to each other creature with flying."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	223	rare	Aaron Miller		
Necromaster Dragon	3UB	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Necromaster Dragon deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {2}. If you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token and each opponent puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	226	rare	Mark Zug		
Pristine Skywise	4WU	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap Pristine Skywise. It gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	228	rare	Adam Paquette		
Haven of the Spirit Dragon		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a Dragon creature spell.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Haven of the Spirit Dragon: Return target Dragon creature card or Ugin planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand."			Dragons of Tarkir	249	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Blight Herder	5	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"When you cast this spell, you may put two cards your opponents own from exile into their owners' graveyards. If you do, create three 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""			Battle for Zendikar	2	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Conduit of Ruin	6	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, you may search your library for a colorless creature card with converted mana cost 7 or greater, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
The first creature spell you cast each turn costs {2} less to cast."			Battle for Zendikar	4	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Desolation Twin	10	10	Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, create a 10/10 colorless Eldrazi creature token."			Battle for Zendikar	6	rare	Jack Wang		
Endless One	X	0	Creature ? Eldrazi	Endless One enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.			Battle for Zendikar	8	rare	Jason Felix		
Gruesome Slaughter	6	6	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, colorless creatures you control gain ""{T}: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature."""			Battle for Zendikar	9	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Emeria Shepherd	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may return target nonland permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If that land is a Plains, you may return that nonland permanent card to the battlefield instead."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	22	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Hero of Goma Fada	4W	5	Creature ? Human Knight Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Hero of Goma Fada or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	31	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Planar Outburst	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Destroy all nonland creatures.
Awaken 4?{5}{W}{W}{W} (If you cast this spell for {5}{W}{W}{W}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	42	rare	Vincent Proce		
Drowner of Hope	5U	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Drowner of Hope enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}.""
Sacrifice an Eldrazi Scion: Tap target creature."		U	Battle for Zendikar	57	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Exert Influence	4U	5	Sorcery	Converge ? Gain control of target creature if its power is less than or equal to the number of colors of mana spent to cast Exert Influence.	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	77	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Guardian of Tazeem	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, tap target creature an opponent controls. If that land is an Island, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	78	rare	Zack Stella		
Prism Array	4U	5	Enchantment	"Converge ? Prism Array enters the battlefield with a crystal counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.
Remove a crystal counter from Prism Array: Tap target creature.
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Scry 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	W	Battle for Zendikar	81	rare	Philip Straub		
Ugin's Insight	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Scry X, where X is the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control, then draw three cards."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	87	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Defiant Bloodlord	5BB	7	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever you gain life, target opponent loses that much life."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	107	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Guul Draz Overseer	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, other creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. If that land is a Swamp, those creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn instead."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	112	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Barrage Tyrant	4R	5	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{2}{R}, Sacrifice another colorless creature: Barrage Tyrant deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to any target."		R	Battle for Zendikar	127	rare	Chris Rallis		
Serpentine Spike	5RR	7	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Serpentine Spike deals 2 damage to target creature, 3 damage to another target creature, and 4 damage to a third target creature. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."		R	Battle for Zendikar	133	rare	Jaime Jones		
Akoum Hellkite	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Akoum Hellkite deals 1 damage to any target. If that land is a Mountain, Akoum Hellkite deals 2 damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	139	rare	Jaime Jones		
Beastcaller Savant	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman Ally	"Haste
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	170	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Nissa's Renewal	5G	6	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to three basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. You gain 7 life."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	180	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Oran-Rief Hydra	4GG	6	Creature ? Hydra	"Trample
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Oran-Rief Hydra. If that land is a Forest, put two +1/+1 counters on Oran-Rief Hydra instead."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	181	rare	Chris Rahn		
Brood Butcher	3BG	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Brood Butcher enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}.""
{B}{G}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."		G	Battle for Zendikar	199	rare	Daarken		
Fathom Feeder	UB	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Deathtouch
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)
{3}{U}{B}: Draw a card. Each opponent exiles the top card of their library."		U	Battle for Zendikar	203	rare	Clint Cearley		
Angelic Captain	3RW	5	Creature ? Angel Ally	"Flying
Whenever Angelic Captain attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each other attacking Ally."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	208	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Bring to Light	3GU	5	Sorcery	"Converge ? Search your library for a creature, instant, or sorcery card with converted mana cost less than or equal to the number of colors of mana spent to cast Bring to Light, exile that card, then shuffle your library. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	209	rare	Jonas De Ro		
March from the Tomb	3WB	5	Sorcery	Return any number of target Ally creature cards with total converted mana cost 8 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	214	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
"Noyan Dar, Roil Shaper"	3WU	5	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Ally	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control. If you do, that land becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste that's still a land."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	216	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Ally Encampment		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast an Ally spell.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Ally Encampment: Return target Ally you control to its owner's hand."			Battle for Zendikar	228	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Canopy Vista		0	Land ? Forest Plains	"({T}: Add {G} or {W}.)
Canopy Vista enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more basic lands."		W	Battle for Zendikar	234	rare	Adam Paquette		
Cinder Glade		0	Land ? Mountain Forest	"({T}: Add {R} or {G}.)
Cinder Glade enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more basic lands."		R	Battle for Zendikar	235	rare	Adam Paquette		
Lumbering Falls		0	Land	"Lumbering Falls enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}.
{2}{G}{U}: Lumbering Falls becomes a 3/3 green and blue Elemental creature with hexproof until end of turn. It's still a land."		U	Battle for Zendikar	239	rare	Titus Lunter		
Prairie Stream		0	Land ? Plains Island	"({T}: Add {W} or {U}.)
Prairie Stream enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more basic lands."		W	Battle for Zendikar	241	rare	Adam Paquette		
Sanctum of Ugin		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
Whenever you cast a colorless spell with converted mana cost 7 or greater, you may sacrifice Sanctum of Ugin. If you do, search your library for a colorless creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Battle for Zendikar	242	rare	James Paick		
Shambling Vent		0	Land	"Shambling Vent enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}.
{1}{W}{B}: Shambling Vent becomes a 2/3 white and black Elemental creature with lifelink until end of turn. It's still a land."		W	Battle for Zendikar	244	rare	Jung Park		
Shrine of the Forsaken Gods		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast colorless spells. Activate this ability only if you control seven or more lands."			Battle for Zendikar	245	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Smoldering Marsh		0	Land ? Swamp Mountain	"({T}: Add {B} or {R}.)
Smoldering Marsh enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more basic lands."		R	Battle for Zendikar	247	rare	Adam Paquette		
Sunken Hollow		0	Land ? Island Swamp	"({T}: Add {U} or {B}.)
Sunken Hollow enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more basic lands."		U	Battle for Zendikar	249	rare	Adam Paquette		
Deceiver of Form	6C	7	Creature ? Eldrazi	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, reveal the top card of your library. If a creature card is revealed this way, you may have creatures you control other than Deceiver of Form become copies of that card until end of turn. You may put that card on the bottom of your library."			Oath of the Gatewatch	1	rare	Viktor Titov		
Eldrazi Mimic	2	2	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Whenever another colorless creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may change Eldrazi Mimic's base power and toughness to that creature's power and toughness until end of turn."			Oath of the Gatewatch	2	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Endbringer	5C	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Untap Endbringer during each other player's untap step.
{T}: Endbringer deals 1 damage to any target.
{C}, {T}: Target creature can't attack or block this turn.
{C}{C}, {T}: Draw a card."			Oath of the Gatewatch	3	rare	Vincent Proce		
Reality Smasher	4C	5	Creature ? Eldrazi	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
Trample, haste
Whenever Reality Smasher becomes the target of a spell an opponent controls, counter that spell unless its controller discards a card."			Oath of the Gatewatch	7	rare	Jason Rainville		
Munda's Vanguard	4W	5	Creature ? Kor Knight Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	29	rare	Steve Prescott		
Stone Haven Outfitter	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Artificer Ally	"Equipped creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever an equipped creature you control dies, draw a card."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	37	rare	Jason Rainville		
Deepfathom Skulker	5U	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
{3}{C}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	43	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Dimensional Infiltrator	1U	2	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flash
Flying
{1}{C}: Target opponent exiles the top card of their library. If it's a land card, you may return Dimensional Infiltrator to its owner's hand. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	44	rare	Chase Stone		
Bearer of Silence	1B	2	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When you cast this spell, you may pay {1}{C}. If you do, target opponent sacrifices a creature. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
Flying
Bearer of Silence can't block."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	67	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Dread Defiler	6B	7	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{3}{C}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Target opponent loses life equal to the exiled card's power. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	68	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Remorseless Punishment	3BB	5	Sorcery	Target opponent loses 5 life unless that player discards two cards or sacrifices a creature or planeswalker. Repeat this process once.	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	89	rare	Ryan Barger		
Goblin Dark-Dwellers	3RR	5	Creature ? Goblin	"Menace
When Goblin Dark-Dwellers enters the battlefield, you may cast target instant or sorcery card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	110	rare	Steven Belledin		
Oath of Chandra	1R	2	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Chandra enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature an opponent controls.
At the beginning of each end step, if a planeswalker entered the battlefield under your control this turn, Oath of Chandra deals 2 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	113	rare	Wesley Burt		
Tyrant of Valakut	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Surge {3}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Flying
When Tyrant of Valakut enters the battlefield, if its surge cost was paid, it deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	119	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Gladehart Cavalry	5GG	7	Creature ? Elf Knight	"When Gladehart Cavalry enters the battlefield, support 6. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to six other target creatures.)
Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it dies, you gain 2 life."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	132	rare	Steven Belledin		
Oath of Nissa	G	1	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Nissa enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature, land, or planeswalker card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
You may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast planeswalker spells."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	140	rare	Wesley Burt		
Sylvan Advocate	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid Ally	"Vigilance
As long as you control six or more lands, Sylvan Advocate and land creatures you control get +2/+2."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	144	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Zendikar Resurgent	5GG	7	Enchantment	"Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced. (The types of mana are white, blue, black, red, green, and colorless.)
Whenever you cast a creature spell, draw a card."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	147	rare	Chris Rallis		
"Ayli, Eternal Pilgrim"	WB	2	Legendary Creature ? Kor Cleric	"Deathtouch
{1}, Sacrifice another creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness.
{1}{W}{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Exile target nonland permanent. Activate this ability only if you have at least 10 life more than your starting life total."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	151	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Captain's Claws	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a 1/1 white Kor Ally creature token that's tapped and attacking.
Equip {1}"			Oath of the Gatewatch	162	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Stoneforge Masterwork	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control that shares a creature type with it.
Equip {2}"			Oath of the Gatewatch	166	rare	Ben Maier		
Corrupted Crossroads		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a spell with devoid."			Oath of the Gatewatch	169	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Hissing Quagmire		0	Land	"Hissing Quagmire enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}.
{1}{B}{G}: Hissing Quagmire becomes a 2/2 black and green Elemental creature with deathtouch until end of turn. It's still a land."		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	171	rare	Cliff Childs		
Needle Spires		0	Land	"Needle Spires enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}.
{2}{R}{W}: Needle Spires becomes a 2/1 red and white Elemental creature with double strike until end of turn. It's still a land."		W	Oath of the Gatewatch	175	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Ruins of Oran-Rief		0	Land	"Ruins of Oran-Rief enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target colorless creature that entered the battlefield this turn."			Oath of the Gatewatch	176	rare	Jason Felix		
Sea Gate Wreckage		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
{2}{C}, {T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have no cards in hand."			Oath of the Gatewatch	177	rare	Zack Stella		
Wandering Fumarole		0	Land	"Wandering Fumarole enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}.
{2}{U}{R}: Until end of turn, Wandering Fumarole becomes a 1/4 blue and red Elemental creature with ""{0}: Switch this creature's power and toughness until end of turn."" It's still a land."		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	182	rare	Florian de Gesincourt		
Angel of Deliverance	6WW	8	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Delirium ? Whenever Angel of Deliverance deals damage, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, exile target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	2	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Declaration in Stone	1W	2	Sorcery	Exile target creature and all other creatures its controller controls with the same name as that creature. That player investigates for each nontoken creature exiled this way.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	12	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Drogskol Cavalry	5WW	7	Creature ? Spirit Knight	"Flying
Whenever another Spirit enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 2 life.
{3}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	15	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Thalia's Lieutenant	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Thalia's Lieutenant enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Human you control.
Whenever another Human enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Thalia's Lieutenant."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	43	rare	Johannes Voss		
Nephalia Moondrakes	5UU	7	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Nephalia Moondrakes enters the battlefield, target creature gains flying until end of turn.
{4}{U}{U}, Exile Nephalia Moondrakes from your graveyard: Creatures you control gain flying until end of turn."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	75	rare	Tianhua X		
Rattlechains	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flash
Flying
When Rattlechains enters the battlefield, target Spirit gains hexproof until end of turn.
You may cast Spirit spells as though they had flash."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	81	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Asylum Visitor	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	99	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Ever After	4BB	6	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Each of those creatures is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types. Put Ever After on the bottom of its owner's library.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	109	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
From Under the Floorboards	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Madness {X}{B}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)
Create three tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens and you gain 3 life. If From Under the Floorboards's madness cost was paid, instead create X of those tokens and you gain X life."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	111	rare	Steven Belledin		
Markov Dreadknight	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Flying
{2}{B}, Discard a card: Put two +1/+1 counters on Markov Dreadknight."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	122	rare	Darek Zabrocki		
Avacyn's Judgment	1R	2	Sorcery	"Madness {X}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)
Avacyn's Judgment deals 2 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. If Avacyn's Judgment's madness cost was paid, it deals X damage divided as you choose among those permanents and/or players instead."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	145	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Burn from Within	XR	1	Sorcery	"Burn from Within deals X damage to any target. If a creature is dealt damage this way, it loses indestructible until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	148	rare	James Ryman		
Devils' Playground	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Create four 1/1 red Devil creature tokens. They have ""When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	151	rare	Wayne England		
Falkenrath Gorger	R	1	Creature ? Vampire Berserker	"Each Vampire creature card you own that isn't on the battlefield has madness. The madness cost is equal to its mana cost. (If you discard a card with madness, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	155	rare	Anna Steinbauer		
Flameblade Angel	4RR	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever a source an opponent controls deals damage to you or a permanent you control, you may have Flameblade Angel deal 1 damage to that source's controller."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	157	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Scourge Wolf	RR	2	Creature ? Wolf Horror	"First strike
Delirium ? Scourge Wolf has double strike as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	179	rare	Jama Jurabaev		
Cryptolith Rite	1G	2	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	200	rare	Zack Stella		
Deathcap Cultivator	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"{T}: Add {B} or {G}.
Delirium ? Deathcap Cultivator has deathtouch as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	202	rare	Karla Ortiz		
Traverse the Ulvenwald	G	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Delirium ? If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, instead search your library for a creature or land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	234	rare	Vincent Proce		
Brain in a Jar	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Brain in a Jar, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Brain in a Jar from your hand without paying its mana cost.
{3}, {T}, Remove X charge counters from Brain in a Jar: Scry X."			Shadows over Innistrad	252	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Corrupted Grafstone	2	2	Artifact	"Corrupted Grafstone enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Choose a color of a card in your graveyard. Add one mana of that color."			Shadows over Innistrad	253	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Choked Estuary		0	Land	"As Choked Estuary enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Island or Swamp card from your hand. If you don't, Choked Estuary enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Shadows over Innistrad	270	rare	Vincent Proce		
Drownyard Temple		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}: Return Drownyard Temple from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."			Shadows over Innistrad	271	rare	John Avon		
Foreboding Ruins		0	Land	"As Foreboding Ruins enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Swamp or Mountain card from your hand. If you don't, Foreboding Ruins enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Shadows over Innistrad	272	rare	Adam Paquette		
Fortified Village		0	Land	"As Fortified Village enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Forest or Plains card from your hand. If you don't, Fortified Village enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Shadows over Innistrad	274	rare	Cliff Childs		
Game Trail		0	Land	"As Game Trail enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Mountain or Forest card from your hand. If you don't, Game Trail enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Shadows over Innistrad	276	rare	Adam Paquette		
Port Town		0	Land	"As Port Town enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Plains or Island card from your hand. If you don't, Port Town enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Shadows over Innistrad	278	rare	Noah Bradley		
Distended Mindbender	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi Insect	"Emerge {5}{B}{B} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose from it a nonland card with converted mana cost 3 or less and a card with converted mana cost 4 or greater. That player discards those cards."		B	Eldritch Moon	3	rare	Yohann Schepacz		
Elder Deep-Fiend	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi Octopus	"Flash
Emerge {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, tap up to four target permanents."		U	Eldritch Moon	5	rare	Jason Felix		
Providence	5WW	7	Sorcery	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, at the beginning of the first upkeep, your life total becomes 26.
Your life total becomes 26."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	37	rare	Zack Stella		
Selfless Spirit	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"Flying
Sacrifice Selfless Spirit: Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	40	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Sigarda's Aid	W	1	Enchantment	"You may cast Aura and Equipment spells as though they had flash.
Whenever an Equipment enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach it to target creature you control."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	41	rare	Howard Lyon		
Thalia's Lancers	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
When Thalia's Lancers enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a legendary card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	47	rare	David Palumbo		
Mausoleum Wanderer	U	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever another Spirit enters the battlefield under your control, Mausoleum Wanderer gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Sacrifice Mausoleum Wanderer: Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays {X}, where X is Mausoleum Wanderer's power."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	69	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Wharf Infiltrator	1U	2	Creature ? Human Horror	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
Whenever Wharf Infiltrator deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
Whenever you discard a creature card, you may pay {2}. If you do, create a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	80	rare	Daarken		
Collective Brutality	1B	2	Sorcery	"Escalate?Discard a card. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more ?
? Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose an instant or sorcery card from it. That player discards that card.
? Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
? Target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	85	rare	Johann Bodin		
Cryptbreaker	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"{1}{B}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
Tap three untapped Zombies you control: You draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	86	rare	Darek Zabrocki		
Dark Salvation	XXB	1	Sorcery	"Target player creates X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens, then up to one target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each Zombie that player controls."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	87	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Noosegraf Mob	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie	"Noosegraf Mob enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever a player casts a spell, remove a +1/+1 counter from Noosegraf Mob. If you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	98	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Stromkirk Condemned	BB	2	Creature ? Vampire Horror	Discard a card: Vampires you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	106	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Assembled Alphas	5R	6	Creature ? Wolf	"Whenever Assembled Alphas blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Assembled Alphas deals 3 damage to that creature and 3 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	117	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Bedlam Reveler	6RR	8	Creature ? Devil Horror	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Bedlam Reveler enters the battlefield, discard your hand, then draw three cards."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	118	rare	Jama Jurabaev		
Permeating Mass	G	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever Permeating Mass deals combat damage to a creature, that creature becomes a copy of Permeating Mass."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	165	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Ulvenwald Observer	4GG	6	Creature ? Treefolk	"Whenever a creature you control with toughness 4 or greater dies, draw a card."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	176	rare	Jaime Jones		
Lupine Prototype	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wolf Construct	Lupine Prototype can't attack or block unless a player has no cards in hand.			Eldritch Moon	197	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
Stitcher's Graft	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+3.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Whenever Stitcher's Graft becomes unattached from a permanent, sacrifice that permanent.
Equip {2}"			Eldritch Moon	200	rare	Josh Hass		
Geier Reach Sanitarium		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Each player draws a card, then discards a card."			Eldritch Moon	203	rare	Cliff Childs		
Authority of the Consuls	W	1	Enchantment	"Creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Kaladesh	5	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Fumigate	3WW	5	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures. You gain 1 life for each creature destroyed this way.	W	W	Kaladesh	15	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Toolcraft Exemplar	W	1	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control an artifact, Toolcraft Exemplar gets +2/+1 until end of turn. If you control three or more artifacts, it also gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	32	rare	Zezhou Chen		
Aethersquall Ancient	5UU	7	Creature ? Leviathan	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}: Return all other creatures to their owners' hands. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Kaladesh	39	rare	Sam Burley		
Saheeli's Artistry	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Create a token that's a copy of target artifact.
? Create a token that's a copy of target creature, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types."	U	U	Kaladesh	62	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Eliminate the Competition	4B	5	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice X creatures.
Destroy X target creatures."	B	B	Kaladesh	78	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Marionette Master	4BB	6	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Fabricate 3 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put three +1/+1 counters on it or create three 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)
Whenever an artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, target opponent loses life equal to Marionette Master's power."	B	B	Kaladesh	90	rare	James Ryman		
Syndicate Trafficker	1B	2	Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	"{1}, Sacrifice an artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on Syndicate Trafficker. It gains indestructible until end of turn."	B	B	Kaladesh	101	rare	Tony Foti		
Cultivator of Blades	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Artificer	"Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)
Whenever Cultivator of Blades attacks, you may have other attacking creatures get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Cultivator of Blades's power."	G	G	Kaladesh	151	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
"Oviya Pashiri, Sage Lifecrafter"	G	1	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"{2}{G}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
{4}{G}, {T}: Create an X/X colorless Construct artifact creature token, where X is the number of creatures you control."	G	G	Kaladesh	165	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Wildest Dreams	XXG	1	Sorcery	Return X target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Wildest Dreams.	G	G	Kaladesh	174	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Animation Module	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on a permanent you control, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
{3}, {T}: Choose a counter on target permanent or player. Give that permanent or player another counter of that kind."			Kaladesh	194	rare	Aaron Miller		
Bomat Courier	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Haste
Whenever Bomat Courier attacks, exile the top card of your library face down. (You can't look at it.)
{R}, Discard your hand, Sacrifice Bomat Courier: Put all cards exiled with Bomat Courier into their owners' hands."		R	Kaladesh	199	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Key to the City	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Discard a card: Up to one target creature can't be blocked this turn.
Whenever Key to the City becomes untapped, you may pay {2}. If you do, draw a card."			Kaladesh	220	rare	Sean Murray		
Metalwork Colossus	11	11	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"This spell costs {X} less to cast, where X is the total converted mana cost of noncreature artifacts you control.
Sacrifice two artifacts: Return Metalwork Colossus from your graveyard to your hand."			Kaladesh	222	rare	Jaime Jones		
Multiform Wonder	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Multiform Wonder enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
Pay {E}: Multiform Wonder gains your choice of flying, vigilance, or lifelink until end of turn.
Pay {E}: Multiform Wonder gets +2/-2 or -2/+2 until end of turn."			Kaladesh	223	rare	Daarken		
Scrapheap Scrounger	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Scrapheap Scrounger can't block.
{1}{B}, Exile another creature card from your graveyard: Return Scrapheap Scrounger from your graveyard to the battlefield."		B	Kaladesh	231	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Smuggler's Copter	2	2	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying
Whenever Smuggler's Copter attacks or blocks, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	235	rare	Florian de Gesincourt		
Blooming Marsh		0	Land	"Blooming Marsh enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Kaladesh	243	rare	Adam Paquette		
Botanical Sanctum		0	Land	"Botanical Sanctum enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}."		U	Kaladesh	244	rare	Christine Choi		
Concealed Courtyard		0	Land	"Concealed Courtyard enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Kaladesh	245	rare	Jung Park		
Inspiring Vantage		0	Land	"Inspiring Vantage enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Kaladesh	246	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Spirebluff Canal		0	Land	"Spirebluff Canal enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Kaladesh	249	rare	Adam Paquette		
Aethergeode Miner	1W	2	Creature ? Dwarf Scout	"Whenever Aethergeode Miner attacks, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}: Exile Aethergeode Miner, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Aether Revolt	4	rare	Winona Nelson		
Call for Unity	3WW	5	Enchantment	"Revolt ? At the beginning of your end step, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, put a unity counter on Call for Unity.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each unity counter on Call for Unity."	W	W	Aether Revolt	9	rare	John Severin Brassell		
"Sram, Senior Edificer"	1W	2	Legendary Creature ? Dwarf Advisor	"Whenever you cast an Aura, Equipment, or Vehicle spell, draw a card."	W	W	Aether Revolt	23	rare	Chris Rahn		
Aethertide Whale	4UU	6	Creature ? Whale	"Flying
When Aethertide Whale enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E} (six energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}: Return Aethertide Whale to its owner's hand."	U	U	Aether Revolt	27	rare	Steven Belledin		
Baral's Expertise	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Return up to three target artifacts and/or creatures to their owners' hands.
You may cast a card with converted mana cost 4 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Aether Revolt	29	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Glint-Sleeve Siphoner	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Menace
Whenever Glint-Sleeve Siphoner enters the battlefield or attacks, you get {E} (an energy counter).
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Aether Revolt	62	rare	Greg Opalinski		
Secret Salvage	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Exile target nonland card from your graveyard. Search your library for any number of cards with the same name as that card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Aether Revolt	71	rare	Tommy Arnold		
Freejam Regent	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Flying
{1}{R}: Freejam Regent gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Aether Revolt	81	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
"Kari Zev, Skyship Raider"	1R	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Pirate	"First strike, menace
Whenever Kari Zev, Skyship Raider attacks, create a legendary 2/1 red Monkey creature token named Ragavan that's tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat."	R	R	Aether Revolt	87	rare	Brad Rigney		
Release the Gremlins	XXR	1	Sorcery	Destroy X target artifacts. Create X 2/2 red Gremlin creature tokens.	R	R	Aether Revolt	96	rare	Izzy		
Aid from the Cowl	3GG	5	Enchantment	"Revolt ? At the beginning of your end step, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a permanent card, you may put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, you may put it on the bottom of your library."	G	G	Aether Revolt	105	rare	Viktor Titov		
Greenbelt Rampager	G	1	Creature ? Elephant	"When Greenbelt Rampager enters the battlefield, pay {E}{E} (two energy counters). If you can't, return Greenbelt Rampager to its owner's hand and you get {E}."	G	G	Aether Revolt	107	rare	Filip Burburan		
Greenwheel Liberator	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	Revolt ? Greenwheel Liberator enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn.	G	G	Aether Revolt	108	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Rishkar's Expertise	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Draw cards equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.
You may cast a card with converted mana cost 5 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost."	G	G	Aether Revolt	123	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Oath of Ajani	GW	2	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Ajani enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.
Planeswalker spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	W	W	Aether Revolt	131	rare	Wesley Burt		
Hope of Ghirapur	1	1	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
Sacrifice Hope of Ghirapur: Until your next turn, target player who was dealt combat damage by Hope of Ghirapur this turn can't cast noncreature spells."			Aether Revolt	154	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Merchant's Dockhand	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"{3}{U}, {T}, Tap X untapped artifacts you control: Look at the top X cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."		U	Aether Revolt	163	rare	Christine Choi		
Metallic Mimic	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As Metallic Mimic enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Metallic Mimic is the chosen type in addition to its other types.
Each other creature you control of the chosen type enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."			Aether Revolt	164	rare	Zack Stella		
Walking Ballista	XX	0	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Walking Ballista enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
{4}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Walking Ballista.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Walking Ballista: It deals 1 damage to any target."			Aether Revolt	181	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Spire of Industry		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color. Activate this ability only if you control an artifact."			Aether Revolt	184	rare	John Avon		
Approach of the Second Sun	6W	7	Sorcery	"If this spell was cast from your hand and you've cast another spell named Approach of the Second Sun this game, you win the game. Otherwise, put Approach of the Second Sun into its owner's library seventh from the top and you gain 7 life."	W	W	Amonkhet	4	rare	Noah Bradley		
Glory-Bound Initiate	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Glory-Bound Initiate as it attacks. When you do, it gets +1/+3 and gains lifelink until end of turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	16	rare	David Palumbo		
Regal Caracal	3WW	5	Creature ? Cat	"Other Cats you control get +1/+1 and have lifelink.
When Regal Caracal enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Cat creature tokens with lifelink."	W	W	Amonkhet	24	rare	Filip Burburan		
Glyph Keeper	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever Glyph Keeper becomes the target of a spell or ability for the first time each turn, counter that spell or ability.
Embalm {5}{U}{U} ({5}{U}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Sphinx with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	55	rare	Chris Rahn		
New Perspectives	5U	6	Enchantment	"When New Perspectives enters the battlefield, draw three cards.
As long as you have seven or more cards in hand, you may pay {0} rather than pay cycling costs."	U	U	Amonkhet	63	rare	Darek Zabrocki		
Archfiend of Ifnir	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Whenever you cycle or discard another card, put a -1/-1 counter on each creature your opponents control.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Amonkhet	78	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Dread Wanderer	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Jackal	"Dread Wanderer enters the battlefield tapped.
{2}{B}: Return Dread Wanderer from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery and only if you have one or fewer cards in hand."	B	B	Amonkhet	88	rare	Josh Hass		
Liliana's Mastery	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Zombies you control get +1/+1.
When Liliana's Mastery enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	B	B	Amonkhet	98	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Glorybringer	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
You may exert Glorybringer as it attacks. When you do, it deals 4 damage to target non-Dragon creature an opponent controls. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	134	rare	Sam Burley		
Harsh Mentor	1R	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever an opponent activates an ability of an artifact, creature, or land on the battlefield, if it isn't a mana ability, Harsh Mentor deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Amonkhet	135	rare	Shreya Shetty		
Soul-Scar Mage	R	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Prowess
If a source you control would deal noncombat damage to a creature an opponent controls, put that many -1/-1 counters on that creature instead."	R	R	Amonkhet	148	rare	Steve Argyle		
Channeler Initiate	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"When Channeler Initiate enters the battlefield, put three -1/-1 counters on target creature you control.
{T}, Remove a -1/-1 counter from Channeler Initiate: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Amonkhet	160	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Honored Hydra	5G	6	Creature ? Snake Hydra	"Trample
Embalm {3}{G} ({3}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Snake Hydra with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	172	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Sandwurm Convergence	6GG	8	Enchantment	"Creatures with flying can't attack you or planeswalkers you control.
At the beginning of your end step, create a 5/5 green Wurm creature token."	G	G	Amonkhet	183	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
"Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons"	BG	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons deals combat damage to a player, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
Whenever you put one or more -1/-1 counters on a creature, create a 1/1 green Snake creature token with deathtouch."	G	G	Amonkhet	199	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
"Temmet, Vizier of Naktamun"	WU	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature token you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn.
Embalm {3}{W}{U} ({3}{W}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Human Cleric with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	207	rare	Anna Steinbauer		
Pyramid of the Pantheon	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Add one mana of any color. Put a brick counter on Pyramid of the Pantheon.
{T}: Add three mana of any one color. Activate this ability only if there are three or more brick counters on Pyramid of the Pantheon."			Amonkhet	235	rare	Florian de Gesincourt		
Throne of the God-Pharaoh	2	2	Legendary Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, each opponent loses life equal to the number of tapped creatures you control."			Amonkhet	237	rare	Titus Lunter		
Canyon Slough		0	Land ? Swamp Mountain	"({T}: Add {B} or {R}.)
Canyon Slough enters the battlefield tapped.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		R	Amonkhet	239	rare	Titus Lunter		
Cascading Cataracts		0	Land	"Indestructible
{T}: Add {C}.
{5}, {T}: Add five mana in any combination of colors."			Amonkhet	240	rare	Noah Bradley		
Fetid Pools		0	Land ? Island Swamp	"({T}: Add {U} or {B}.)
Fetid Pools enters the battlefield tapped.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		U	Amonkhet	243	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Irrigated Farmland		0	Land ? Plains Island	"({T}: Add {W} or {U}.)
Irrigated Farmland enters the battlefield tapped.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		W	Amonkhet	245	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Scattered Groves		0	Land ? Forest Plains	"({T}: Add {G} or {W}.)
Scattered Groves enters the battlefield tapped.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		W	Amonkhet	247	rare	Christine Choi		
Sheltered Thicket		0	Land ? Mountain Forest	"({T}: Add {R} or {G}.)
Sheltered Thicket enters the battlefield tapped.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"		R	Amonkhet	248	rare	Sung Choi		
Adorned Pouncer	1W	2	Creature ? Cat	"Double strike
Eternalize {3}{W}{W} ({3}{W}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Cat with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	2	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
"Djeru, With Eyes Open"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Vigilance
When Djeru, With Eyes Open enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
If a source would deal damage to a planeswalker you control, prevent 1 of that damage."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	10	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Swarm Intelligence	6U	7	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	50	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Apocalypse Demon	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Apocalypse Demon's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your graveyard.
At the beginning of your upkeep, tap Apocalypse Demon unless you sacrifice another creature."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	58	rare	Piotr Jab?o?ski		
Torment of Hailfire	XBB	2	Sorcery	Repeat the following process X times. Each opponent loses 3 life unless that player sacrifices a nonland permanent or discards a card.	B	B	Hour of Devastation	77	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Chaos Maw	5RR	7	Creature ? Hellion	"When Chaos Maw enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to each other creature."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	87	rare	Steve Argyle		
Earthshaker Khenra	1R	2	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"Haste
When Earthshaker Khenra enters the battlefield, target creature with power less than or equal to Earthshaker Khenra's power can't block this turn.
Eternalize {4}{R}{R} ({4}{R}{R}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Jackal Warrior with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Hour of Devastation	90	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Hazoret's Undying Fury	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Shuffle your library, then exile the top four cards. You may cast any number of nonland cards with converted mana cost 5 or less from among them without paying their mana costs. Lands you control don't untap during your next untap step."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	96	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Resilient Khenra	1G	2	Creature ? Jackal Wizard	"When Resilient Khenra enters the battlefield, you may have target creature get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Resilient Khenra's power.
Eternalize {4}{G}{G} ({4}{G}{G}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Jackal Wizard with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	G	G	Hour of Devastation	131	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Rhonas's Last Stand	GG	2	Sorcery	Create a 5/4 green Snake creature token. Lands you control don't untap during your next untap step.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	132	rare	Winona Nelson		
God-Pharaoh's Gift	7	7	Artifact	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that card, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie. It gains haste until end of turn."			Hour of Devastation	161	rare	Titus Lunter		
Hollow One	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"This spell costs {2} less to cast for each card you've cycled or discarded this turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"			Hour of Devastation	163	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Endless Sands		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Exile target creature you control.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Endless Sands: Return each creature card exiled with Endless Sands to the battlefield under its owner's control."			Hour of Devastation	176	rare	Noah Bradley		
Hostile Desert		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, Exile a land card from your graveyard: Hostile Desert becomes a 3/4 Elemental creature until end of turn. It's still a land."			Hour of Devastation	178	rare	Josh Hass		
Scavenger Grounds		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice a Desert: Exile all cards from all graveyards."			Hour of Devastation	182	rare	Steven Belledin		
"Ugin, the Spirit Dragon"	8	8	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ugin	"+2: Ugin, the Spirit Dragon deals 3 damage to any target.
?X: Exile each permanent with converted mana cost X or less that's one or more colors.
?10: You gain 7 life, draw seven cards, then put up to seven permanent cards from your hand onto the battlefield."			Fate Reforged	1	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Soulfire Grand Master	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Lifelink
Instant and sorcery spells you control have lifelink.
{2}{U/R}{U/R}: The next time you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand this turn, put that card into your hand instead of into your graveyard as it resolves."	W	W	Fate Reforged	27	mythic	Johannes Voss		
Temporal Trespass	8UUU	11	Sorcery	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Take an extra turn after this one. Exile Temporal Trespass."	U	U	Fate Reforged	55	mythic	Clint Cearley		
Torrent Elemental	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Whenever Torrent Elemental attacks, tap all creatures defending player controls.
{3}{B/G}{B/G}: Put Torrent Elemental from exile onto the battlefield tapped. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Fate Reforged	56	mythic	James Paick		
Ghastly Conscription	5BB	7	Sorcery	"Exile all creature cards from target player's graveyard in a face-down pile, shuffle that pile, then manifest those cards. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	70	mythic	YW Tang		
Warden of the First Tree	G	1	Creature ? Human	"{1}{W/B}: Warden of the First Tree becomes a Human Warrior with base power and toughness 3/3.
{2}{W/B}{W/B}: If Warden of the First Tree is a Warrior, it becomes a Human Spirit Warrior with trample and lifelink.
{3}{W/B}{W/B}{W/B}: If Warden of the First Tree is a Spirit, put five +1/+1 counters on it."	G	W	Fate Reforged	143	mythic	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Whisperwood Elemental	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your end step, manifest the top card of your library. (Put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)
Sacrifice Whisperwood Elemental: Until end of turn, face-up nontoken creatures you control gain ""When this creature dies, manifest the top card of your library."""	G	G	Fate Reforged	145	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Clone Legion	7UU	9	Sorcery	"For each creature target player controls, create a token that's a copy of that creature."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	48	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Descent of the Dragons	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Destroy any number of target creatures. For each creature destroyed this way, its controller creates a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	133	mythic	Steve Prescott		
Dragon Whisperer	RR	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{R}: Dragon Whisperer gains flying until end of turn.
{1}{R}: Dragon Whisperer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Formidable ? {4}{R}{R}: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	137	mythic	Chris Rallis		
Dragonlord Atarka	5RG	7	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying, trample
When Dragonlord Atarka enters the battlefield, it deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures and/or planeswalkers your opponents control."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	216	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
Dragonlord Dromoka	4GW	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"This spell can't be countered.
Flying, lifelink
Your opponents can't cast spells during your turn."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	217	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Dragonlord Kolaghan	4BR	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying, haste
Other creatures you control have haste.
Whenever an opponent casts a creature or planeswalker spell with the same name as a card in their graveyard, that player loses 10 life."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	218	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Dragonlord Ojutai	3WU	5	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying
Dragonlord Ojutai has hexproof as long as it's untapped.
Whenever Dragonlord Ojutai deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	219	mythic	Chase Stone		
Dragonlord Silumgar	4UB	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying, deathtouch
When Dragonlord Silumgar enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature or planeswalker for as long as you control Dragonlord Silumgar."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	220	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Sarkhan Unbroken	2GUR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"+1: Draw a card, then add one mana of any color.
?2: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.
?8: Search your library for any number of Dragon creature cards and put them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	230	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Oblivion Sower	6	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, target opponent exiles the top four cards of their library, then you may put any number of land cards that player owns from exile onto the battlefield under your control."			Battle for Zendikar	11	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger"	10	10	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, exile two target permanents.
Indestructible
Whenever Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger attacks, defending player exiles the top twenty cards of their library."			Battle for Zendikar	15	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Void Winnower	9	9	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Your opponents can't cast spells with even converted mana costs. (Zero is even.)
Your opponents can't block with creatures with even converted mana costs."			Battle for Zendikar	17	mythic	Chase Stone		
Quarantine Field	XXWW	2	Enchantment	"Quarantine Field enters the battlefield with X isolation counters on it.
When Quarantine Field enters the battlefield, for each isolation counter on it, exile up to one target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Quarantine Field leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	43	mythic	Daarken		
Part the Waterveil	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Take an extra turn after this one. Exile Part the Waterveil.
Awaken 6?{6}{U}{U}{U} (If you cast this spell for {6}{U}{U}{U}, also put six +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	80	mythic	Titus Lunter		
Ob Nixilis Reignited	3BB	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nixilis	"+1: You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
?3: Destroy target creature.
?8: Target opponent gets an emblem with ""Whenever a player draws a card, you lose 2 life."""	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	119	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Greenwarden of Murasa	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"When Greenwarden of Murasa enters the battlefield, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
When Greenwarden of Murasa dies, you may exile it. If you do, return target card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	174	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Sire of Stagnation	4UB	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, that player exiles the top two cards of their library and you draw two cards."		U	Battle for Zendikar	206	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
"Omnath, Locus of Rage"	3RRGG	7	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 5/5 red and green Elemental creature token.
Whenever Omnath, Locus of Rage or another Elemental you control dies, Omnath deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	217	mythic	Brad Rigney		
"Kozilek, the Great Distortion"	8CC	10	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi	"When you cast this spell, if you have fewer than seven cards in hand, draw cards equal to the difference.
Menace
Discard a card with converted mana cost X: Counter target spell with converted mana cost X."			Oath of the Gatewatch	4	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
General Tazri	4W	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Ally	"When General Tazri enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Ally creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Ally creatures you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of colors among those creatures."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	19	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Linvala, the Preserver"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Linvala, the Preserver enters the battlefield, if an opponent has more life than you, you gain 5 life.
When Linvala enters the battlefield, if an opponent controls more creatures than you, create a 3/3 white Angel creature token with flying."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	25	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Crush of Tentacles	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Surge {3}{U}{U} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Return all nonland permanents to their owners' hands. If Crush of Tentacles's surge cost was paid, create an 8/8 blue Octopus creature token."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	53	mythic	Jama Jurabaev		
Sphinx of the Final Word	5UU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	"This spell can't be countered.
Flying, hexproof
Instant and sorcery spells you control can't be countered."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	63	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
"Chandra, Flamecaller"	4RR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Create two 3/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step.
0: Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards plus one.
?X: Chandra, Flamecaller deals X damage to each creature."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	104	mythic	Jason Rainville		
World Breaker	6G	7	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When you cast this spell, exile target artifact, enchantment, or land.
Reach
{2}{C}, Sacrifice a land: Return World Breaker from your graveyard to your hand. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	126	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Mirrorpool		0	Land	"Mirrorpool enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{2}{C}, {T}, Sacrifice Mirrorpool: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.
{4}{C}, {T}, Sacrifice Mirrorpool: Create a token that's a copy of target creature you control."			Oath of the Gatewatch	174	mythic	Cliff Childs		
Descend upon the Sinful	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Exile all creatures.
Delirium ? Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	13	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Geralf's Masterpiece	3UU	5	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Flying
Geralf's Masterpiece gets -1/-1 for each card in your hand.
{3}{U}, Discard three cards: Return Geralf's Masterpiece from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	65	mythic	Daarken		
"Jace, Unraveler of Secrets"	3UU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+1: Scry 1, then draw a card.
?2: Return target creature to its owner's hand.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, counter that spell."""	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	69	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Behold the Beyond	5BB	7	Sorcery	Discard your hand. Search your library for three cards and put those cards into your hand. Then shuffle your library.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	101	mythic	Noah Bradley		
Relentless Dead	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
When Relentless Dead dies, you may pay {B}. If you do, return it to its owner's hand.
When Relentless Dead dies, you may pay {X}. If you do, return another target Zombie creature card with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	131	mythic	Ryan Yee		
Wolf of Devil's Breach	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental Wolf	"Whenever Wolf of Devil's Breach attacks, you may pay {1}{R} and discard a card. If you do, Wolf of Devil's Breach deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the discarded card's converted mana cost."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	192	mythic	Jack Wang		
Seasons Past	4GG	6	Sorcery	Return any number of cards with different converted mana costs from your graveyard to your hand. Put Seasons Past on the bottom of its owner's library.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	226	mythic	Christine Choi		
Ulvenwald Hydra	4GG	6	Creature ? Hydra	"Reach
Ulvenwald Hydra's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.
When Ulvenwald Hydra enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	235	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
The Gitrog Monster	3BG	5	Legendary Creature ? Frog Horror	"Deathtouch
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice The Gitrog Monster unless you sacrifice a land.
You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere, draw a card."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	245	mythic	Jason Kang		
"Sigarda, Heron's Grace"	3GW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
You and Humans you control have hexproof.
{2}, Exile a card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	250	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Sorin, Grim Nemesis"	4WB	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sorin	"+1: Reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. Each opponent loses life equal to its converted mana cost.
?X: Sorin, Grim Nemesis deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker and you gain X life.
?9: Create a number of 1/1 black Vampire Knight creature tokens with lifelink equal to the highest life total among all players."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	251	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Decimator of the Provinces	10	10	Creature ? Eldrazi Boar	"Emerge {6}{G}{G}{G} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain trample until end of turn.
Trample, haste"		G	Eldritch Moon	2	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
"Emrakul, the Promised End"	13	13	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each card type among cards in your graveyard.
When you cast this spell, you gain control of target opponent during that player's next turn. After that turn, that player takes an extra turn.
Flying, trample, protection from instants"			Eldritch Moon	6	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Deploy the Gatewatch	4WW	6	Sorcery	Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put up to two planeswalker cards from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	W	W	Eldritch Moon	20	mythic	Wesley Burt		
Mind's Dilation	5UU	7	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, that player exiles the top card of their library. If it's a nonland card, you may cast it without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	70	mythic	Iain McCaig		
Mirrorwing Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell that targets only Mirrorwing Dragon, that player copies that spell for each other creature they control that the spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of those creatures."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	136	mythic	Min Yum		
"Ishkanah, Grafwidow"	4G	5	Legendary Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Delirium ? When Ishkanah, Grafwidow enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, create three 1/2 green Spider creature tokens with reach.
{6}{B}: Target opponent loses 1 life for each Spider you control."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	162	mythic	Christine Choi		
Grim Flayer	BG	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
Whenever Grim Flayer deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.
Delirium ? Grim Flayer gets +2/+2 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	184	mythic	Mathias Kollros		
Angel of Invention	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance, lifelink
Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)
Other creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	Kaladesh	4	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Cataclysmic Gearhulk	3WW	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Vigilance
When Cataclysmic Gearhulk enters the battlefield, each player chooses an artifact, a creature, an enchantment, and a planeswalker from among the nonland permanents they control, then sacrifices the rest."	W	W	Kaladesh	9	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Metallurgic Summonings	3UU	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create an X/X colorless Construct artifact creature token, where X is that spell's converted mana cost.
{3}{U}{U}, Exile Metallurgic Summonings: Return all instant and sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if you control six or more artifacts."	U	U	Kaladesh	56	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Torrential Gearhulk	4UU	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Flash
When Torrential Gearhulk enters the battlefield, you may cast target instant card from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	U	U	Kaladesh	67	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Demon of Dark Schemes	3BBB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Demon of Dark Schemes enters the battlefield, all other creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.
Whenever another creature dies, you get {E} (an energy counter).
{2}{B}, Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}: Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control tapped."	B	B	Kaladesh	73	mythic	Daarken		
Noxious Gearhulk	4BB	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Menace
When Noxious Gearhulk enters the battlefield, you may destroy another target creature. If a creature is destroyed this way, you gain life equal to its toughness."	B	B	Kaladesh	96	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
Combustible Gearhulk	4RR	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"First strike
When Combustible Gearhulk enters the battlefield, target opponent may have you draw three cards. If the player doesn't, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard, then Combustible Gearhulk deals damage to that player equal to the total converted mana cost of those cards."	R	R	Kaladesh	112	mythic	Daarken		
"Nissa, Vital Force"	3GG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+1: Untap target land you control. Until your next turn, it becomes a 5/5 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.
?3: Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
?6: You get an emblem with ""Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."""	G	G	Kaladesh	163	mythic	Clint Cearley		
Verdurous Gearhulk	3GG	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Trample
When Verdurous Gearhulk enters the battlefield, distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control."	G	G	Kaladesh	172	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Skysovereign, Consul Flagship"	5	5	Legendary Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying
Whenever Skysovereign, Consul Flagship enters the battlefield or attacks, it deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	234	mythic	Jung Park		
Exquisite Archangel	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
If you would lose the game, instead exile Exquisite Archangel and your life total becomes equal to your starting life total."	W	W	Aether Revolt	18	mythic	Brad Rigney		
Herald of Anguish	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Flying
At the beginning of your end step, each opponent discards a card.
{1}{B}, Sacrifice an artifact: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	64	mythic	Vincent Proce		
Lightning Runner	3RR	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Double strike, haste
Whenever Lightning Runner attacks, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters), then you may pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}. If you pay, untap all creatures you control, and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	R	R	Aether Revolt	90	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Aetherwind Basker	4GGG	7	Creature ? Lizard	"Trample
Whenever Aetherwind Basker enters the battlefield or attacks, you get {E} (an energy counter) for each creature you control.
Pay {E}: Aetherwind Basker gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Aether Revolt	104	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Ajani Unyielding	4GW	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+2: Reveal the top three cards of your library. Put all nonland permanent cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
?2: Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.
?9: Put five +1/+1 counters on each creature you control and five loyalty counters on each other planeswalker you control."	W	W	Aether Revolt	127	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Gonti's Aether Heart	6	6	Legendary Artifact	"Whenever Gonti's Aether Heart or another artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}, Exile Gonti's Aether Heart: Take an extra turn after this one."			Aether Revolt	152	mythic	Vincent Proce		
Heart of Kiran	2	2	Legendary Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying, vigilance
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)
You may remove a loyalty counter from a planeswalker you control rather than pay Heart of Kiran's crew cost."			Aether Revolt	153	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Paradox Engine	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"Whenever you cast a spell, untap all nonland permanents you control."			Aether Revolt	169	mythic	Christine Choi		
Planar Bridge	6	6	Legendary Artifact	"{8}, {T}: Search your library for a permanent card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Aether Revolt	171	mythic	Chase Stone		
Angel of Sanctions	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Sanctions enters the battlefield, you may exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Angel of Sanctions leaves the battlefield.
Embalm {5}{W} ({5}{W}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Angel with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	1	mythic	Min Yum		
"Liliana, Death's Majesty"	3BB	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
?3: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types.
?7: Destroy all non-Zombie creatures."	B	B	Amonkhet	97	mythic	Chris Rallis		
"Nissa, Steward of Elements"	XGU	2	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+2: Scry 2.
0: Look at the top card of your library. If it's a land card or a creature card with converted mana cost less than or equal to the number of loyalty counters on Nissa, Steward of Elements, you may put that card onto the battlefield.
?6: Untap up to two target lands you control. They become 5/5 Elemental creatures with flying and haste until end of turn. They're still lands."	U	U	Amonkhet	204	mythic	Howard Lyon		
"Samut, Voice of Dissent"	3RG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Flash
Double strike, vigilance, haste
Other creatures you control have haste.
{W}, {T}: Untap another target creature."	R	W	Amonkhet	205	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Crested Sunmare	3WW	5	Creature ? Horse	"Other Horses you control have indestructible.
At the beginning of each end step, if you gained life this turn, create a 5/5 white Horse creature token."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	6	mythic	Lucas Graciano		
Overwhelming Splendor	6WW	8	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Creatures enchanted player controls lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.
Enchanted player can't activate abilities that aren't mana abilities or loyalty abilities."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	19	mythic	Richard Wright		
"Unesh, Criosphinx Sovereign"	4UU	6	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Sphinx spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.
Whenever Unesh, Criosphinx Sovereign or another Sphinx enters the battlefield under your control, reveal the top four cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	52	mythic	Adrian Majkrzak		
"Razaketh, the Foulblooded"	5BBB	8	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
Pay 2 life, Sacrifice another creature: Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	73	mythic	Chris Rallis		
"Neheb, the Eternal"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Minotaur Warrior	"Afflict 3 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 3 life.)
At the beginning of your postcombat main phase, add {R} for each 1 life your opponents have lost this turn."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	104	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Majestic Myriarch	4G	5	Creature ? Chimera	"Majestic Myriarch's power and toughness are each equal to twice the number of creatures you control.
At the beginning of each combat, Majestic Myriarch gains flying until end of turn if you control a creature with flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	122	mythic	Randy Vargas		
Uncage the Menagerie	XGG	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to X creature cards with different names that each have converted mana cost X, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	137	mythic	Simon Dominic		
The Locust God	4UR	6	Legendary Creature ? God	"Flying
Whenever you draw a card, create a 1/1 blue and red Insect creature token with flying and haste.
{2}{U}{R}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
When The Locust God dies, return it to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	139	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
"Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh"	4UBR	7	Legendary Planeswalker ? Bolas	"+2: Target opponent exiles cards from the top of their library until they exile a nonland card. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.
+1: Each opponent exiles two cards from their hand.
?4: Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh deals 7 damage to target opponent, creature an opponent controls, or planeswalker an opponent controls.
?12: Exile each nonland permanent your opponents control."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	140	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
The Scarab God	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? God	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses X life and you scry X, where X is the number of Zombies you control.
{2}{U}{B}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie.
When The Scarab God dies, return it to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	145	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
The Scorpion God	3BR	5	Legendary Creature ? God	"Whenever a creature with a -1/-1 counter on it dies, draw a card.
{1}{B}{R}: Put a -1/-1 counter on another target creature.
When The Scorpion God dies, return it to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	146	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
"Chandra, Pyrogenius"	4RR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+2: Chandra, Pyrogenius deals 2 damage to each opponent.
?3: Chandra, Pyrogenius deals 4 damage to target creature.
?10: Chandra, Pyrogenius deals 6 damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls."	R	R	Kaladesh	265	mythic	Jason Rainville		
"Nissa, Nature's Artisan"	4GG	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+3: You gain 3 life.
?4: Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put all land cards from among them onto the battlefield and the rest into your hand.
?12: Creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Kaladesh	270	mythic	Willian Murai		
"Ajani, Valiant Protector"	4GW	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+2: Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.
+1: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
?11: Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is your life total. That creature gains trample until end of turn."	W	W	Aether Revolt	185	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
"Tezzeret, Master of Metal"	4UB	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"+1: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal an artifact card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
?3: Target opponent loses life equal to the number of artifacts you control.
?8: Gain control of all artifacts and creatures target opponent controls."	U	U	Aether Revolt	190	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
"Gideon, Martial Paragon"	4W	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"+2: Untap all creatures you control. Those creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn.
0: Until end of turn, Gideon, Martial Paragon becomes a 5/5 Human Soldier creature with indestructible that's still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.
?10: Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn. Tap all creatures your opponents control."	W	W	Amonkhet	270	mythic	Daarken		
"Liliana, Death Wielder"	5BB	7	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+2: Put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature.
?3: Destroy target creature with a -1/-1 counter on it.
?10: Return all creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Amonkhet	275	mythic	Clint Cearley		
"Nissa, Genesis Mage"	5GG	7	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+2: Untap up to two target creatures and up to two target lands.
?3: Target creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn.
?10: Look at the top ten cards of your library. You may put any number of creature and/or land cards from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	200	mythic	Chris Rallis		
"Nicol Bolas, the Deceiver"	5UBR	8	Legendary Planeswalker ? Bolas	"+3: Each opponent loses 3 life unless that player sacrifices a nonland permanent or discards a card.
?3: Destroy target creature. Draw a card.
?11: Nicol Bolas, the Deceiver deals 7 damage to each opponent. You draw seven cards."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	205	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Confiscation Coup	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Choose target artifact or creature. You get {E}{E}{E}{E} (four energy counters), then you may pay an amount of {E} equal to that permanent's converted mana cost. If you do, gain control of it."	U	U	Kaladesh	41	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Inventors' Fair		0	Legendary Land	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control three or more artifacts, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Inventors' Fair: Search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. Activate this ability only if you control three or more artifacts."			Kaladesh	247	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Consulate Crackdown	3WW	5	Enchantment	"When Consulate Crackdown enters the battlefield, exile all artifacts your opponents control until Consulate Crackdown leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Aether Revolt	11	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Battle at the Bridge	XB	1	Sorcery	"Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn. You gain X life."	B	B	Aether Revolt	53	rare	Chris Rallis		
Dark Intimations	2UBR	5	Sorcery	"Each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker, then discards a card. You return a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand, then draw a card.
When you cast a Bolas planeswalker spell, exile Dark Intimations from your graveyard. That planeswalker enters the battlefield with an additional loyalty counter on it."	U	U	Aether Revolt	128	rare	Chase Stone		
Cruel Reality	5BB	7	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker. If the player can't, they lose 5 life."	B	B	Amonkhet	84	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
By Force	XR	1	Sorcery	Destroy X target artifacts.	R	R	Amonkhet	123	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Hour of Revelation	3WWW	6	Sorcery	"This spell costs {3} less to cast if there are ten or more nonland permanents on the battlefield.
Destroy all nonland permanents."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	15	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Hour of Devastation	3RR	5	Sorcery	All creatures lose indestructible until end of turn. Hour of Devastation deals 5 damage to each creature and each non-Bolas planeswalker.	R	R	Hour of Devastation	97	rare	Simon Dominic		
Hour of Promise	4G	5	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. Then if you control three or more Deserts, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	120	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Tamiyo's Journal	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
{T}, Sacrifice three Clues: Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Shadows over Innistrad	265	rare	Chase Stone		
Liberating Combustion	4R	5	Sorcery	"Liberating Combustion deals 6 damage to target creature. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Chandra, Pyrogenius, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	R	R	Kaladesh	267	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Ajani's Comrade	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Soldier	"Trample
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control an Ajani planeswalker, put a +1/+1 counter on Ajani's Comrade."	G	G	Aether Revolt	187	uncommon	James Ryman		
Tezzeret's Betrayal	3UB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Tezzeret, Master of Metal, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	U	U	Aether Revolt	191	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Gideon's Resolve	4W	5	Enchantment	"When Gideon's Resolve enters the battlefield, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Gideon, Martial Paragon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it.
Creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	Amonkhet	272	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Liliana's Influence	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Put a -1/-1 counter on each creature you don't control. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Liliana, Death Wielder, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	B	B	Amonkhet	277	rare	Winona Nelson		
Nissa's Encouragement	4G	5	Sorcery	"Search your library and graveyard for a card named Forest, a card named Brambleweft Behemoth, and a card named Nissa, Genesis Mage. Reveal those cards, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	203	rare	Tommy Arnold		
Wasp of the Bitter End	1B	2	Creature ? Insect Horror	"Flying
Whenever you cast a Bolas planeswalker spell, you may sacrifice Wasp of the Bitter End. If you do, destroy target creature."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	206	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Pyrotechnics	4R	5	Sorcery	Pyrotechnics deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.	R	R	Fate Reforged	111	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Abzan Runemark	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature has vigilance as long as you control a black or green permanent."	W	W	Fate Reforged	3	common	James Ryman		
Abzan Skycaptain	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
When Abzan Skycaptain dies, bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)"	W	W	Fate Reforged	4	common	Matt Stewart		
Dragon Bell Monk	2W	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"Vigilance
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Fate Reforged	10	common	Lius Lasahido		
Great-Horn Krushok	4W	5	Creature ? Beast		W	W	Fate Reforged	13	common	YW Tang		
Sandsteppe Outcast	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Sandsteppe Outcast enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on Sandsteppe Outcast.
? Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Fate Reforged	25	common	Wesley Burt		
Soul Summons	1W	2	Sorcery	Manifest the top card of your library. (Put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)	W	W	Fate Reforged	26	common	Johann Bodin		
Aven Surveyor	3UU	5	Creature ? Bird Scout	"Flying
When Aven Surveyor enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on Aven Surveyor.
? Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Fate Reforged	31	common	David Gaillet		
Jeskai Runemark	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature has flying as long as you control a red or white permanent."	U	U	Fate Reforged	37	common	Jaime Jones		
Lotus Path Djinn	3U	4	Creature ? Djinn Monk	"Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Fate Reforged	39	common	Steve Argyle		
Write into Being	2U	3	Sorcery	"Look at the top two cards of your library. Manifest one of those cards, then put the other on the top or bottom of your library. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	U	U	Fate Reforged	59	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Alesha's Vanguard	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Dash {2}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	60	common	Torstein Nordstrand		
Ancestral Vengeance	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Ancestral Vengeance enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1."	B	B	Fate Reforged	61	common	Yohann Schepacz		
Hooded Assassin	2B	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"When Hooded Assassin enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on Hooded Assassin.
? Destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn."	B	B	Fate Reforged	73	common	Matt Stewart		
Sibsig Host	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Sibsig Host enters the battlefield, each player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Fate Reforged	82	common	Steve Prescott		
Sultai Runemark	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature has deathtouch as long as you control a green or blue permanent. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	86	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Tasigur's Cruelty	5B	6	Sorcery	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Each opponent discards two cards."	B	B	Fate Reforged	88	common	Chris Rahn		
Bathe in Dragonfire	2R	3	Sorcery	Bathe in Dragonfire deals 4 damage to target creature.	R	R	Fate Reforged	92	common	Chris Rallis		
Defiant Ogre	5R	6	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"When Defiant Ogre enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on Defiant Ogre.
? Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Fate Reforged	96	common	Craig J Spearing		
Gore Swine	2R	3	Creature ? Boar		R	R	Fate Reforged	103	common	Jack Wang		
Mardu Runemark	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature has first strike as long as you control a white or black permanent."	R	R	Fate Reforged	107	common	Viktor Titov		
Smoldering Efreet	1R	2	Creature ? Efreet Monk	"When Smoldering Efreet dies, it deals 2 damage to you."	R	R	Fate Reforged	115	common	Chase Stone		
Ambush Krotiq	5G	6	Creature ? Insect	"Trample
When Ambush Krotiq enters the battlefield, return another creature you control to its owner's hand."	G	G	Fate Reforged	122	common	Filip Burburan		
Archers of Qarsi	3G	4	Creature ? Naga Archer	"Defender
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Fate Reforged	124	common	Alejandro Mirabal		
Feral Krushok	4G	5	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Fate Reforged	128	common	Kev Walker		
Formless Nurturing	3G	4	Sorcery	"Manifest the top card of your library, then put a +1/+1 counter on it. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	G	G	Fate Reforged	129	common	Cliff Childs		
Frontier Mastodon	2G	3	Creature ? Elephant	Ferocious ? Frontier Mastodon enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.	G	G	Fate Reforged	130	common	Nils Hamm		
Map the Wastes	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. Bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Fate Reforged	134	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Temur Runemark	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature has trample as long as you control a blue or red permanent."	G	G	Fate Reforged	140	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Whisperer of the Wilds	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{T}: Add {G}.
Ferocious ? {T}: Add {G}{G}. Activate this ability only if you control a creature with power 4 or greater."	G	G	Fate Reforged	144	common	David Gaillet		
Aven Tactician	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
When Aven Tactician enters the battlefield, bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	6	common	Christopher Moeller		
Champion of Arashin	3W	4	Creature ? Hound Warrior	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	9	common	Joseph Meehan		
Dragon's Eye Sentry	W	1	Creature ? Human Monk	"Defender, first strike"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	11	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Dromoka Dunecaster	W	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{W}, {T}: Tap target creature without flying."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	13	common	Mark Winters		
Dromoka Warrior	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior		W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	14	common	Zack Stella		
Glaring Aegis	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Glaring Aegis enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	18	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Herald of Dromoka	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Vigilance
Other Warrior creatures you control have vigilance."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	22	common	Zack Stella		
Lightwalker	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Lightwalker has flying as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	24	common	Winona Nelson		
Misthoof Kirin	2W	3	Creature ? Kirin	"Flying, vigilance
Megamorph {1}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	25	common	Ryan Barger		
Sandcrafter Mage	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Sandcrafter Mage enters the battlefield, bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	33	common	Willian Murai		
Territorial Roc	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	43	common	YW Tang		
Ancient Carp	4U	5	Creature ? Fish		U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	44	common	Christopher Burdett		
Dirgur Nemesis	5U	6	Creature ? Serpent	"Defender
Megamorph {6}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	51	common	Mathias Kollros		
Elusive Spellfist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Elusive Spellfist gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	53	common	Viktor Titov		
Gurmag Drowner	3U	4	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Gurmag Drowner exploits a creature, look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	57	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Monastery Loremaster	3U	4	Creature ? Djinn Wizard	"Megamorph {5}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Monastery Loremaster is turned face up, return target noncreature, nonland card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	63	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Mystic Meditation	3U	4	Sorcery	Draw three cards. Then discard two cards unless you discard a creature card.	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	64	common	Howard Lyon		
Ojutai Interceptor	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Megamorph {3}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	66	common	Johann Bodin		
Ojutai's Summons	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Create a 2/2 blue Djinn Monk creature token with flying.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	68	common	Jakub Kasper		
Palace Familiar	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Palace Familiar dies, draw a card."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	69	common	Kev Walker		
Reduce in Stature	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has base power and toughness 0/2."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	72	common	Dan Scott		
Sidisi's Faithful	U	1	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Sidisi's Faithful exploits a creature, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	74	common	Lius Lasahido		
Updraft Elemental	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	Flying	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	82	common	Raf Sarmento		
Zephyr Scribe	2U	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap Zephyr Scribe."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	85	common	Lius Lasahido		
Defeat	1B	2	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with power 2 or less.	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	97	common	Dave Kendall		
Dutiful Attendant	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Dutiful Attendant dies, return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	99	common	Aaron Miller		
Hand of Silumgar	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	105	common	Lius Lasahido		
Kolaghan Skirmisher	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Dash {2}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	107	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Marsh Hulk	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Ogre	Megamorph {6}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	109	common	Raf Sarmento		
Qarsi Sadist	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Qarsi Sadist exploits a creature, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	113	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Reckless Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
Reckless Imp can't block.
Dash {1}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	115	common	Torstein Nordstrand		
Shambling Goblin	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Goblin	"When Shambling Goblin dies, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	118	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Sibsig Icebreakers	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"When Sibsig Icebreakers enters the battlefield, each player discards a card."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	119	common	Zoltan Boros		
Silumgar Butcher	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Djinn	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Silumgar Butcher exploits a creature, target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	122	common	Dave Kendall		
Vulturous Aven	3B	4	Creature ? Bird Shaman	"Flying
Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Vulturous Aven exploits a creature, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	126	common	Kev Walker		
Wandering Tombshell	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Turtle		B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	127	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Atarka Efreet	3R	4	Creature ? Efreet Shaman	"Megamorph {2}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Atarka Efreet is turned face up, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	128	common	Izzy		
Hardened Berserker	2R	3	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Whenever Hardened Berserker attacks, the next spell you cast this turn costs {1} less to cast."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	139	common	Viktor Titov		
Kolaghan Aspirant	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Kolaghan Aspirant becomes blocked by a creature, Kolaghan Aspirant deals 1 damage to that creature."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	143	common	Aaron Miller		
Kolaghan Stormsinger	R	1	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
Megamorph {R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Kolaghan Stormsinger is turned face up, target creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	145	common	Scott Murphy		
Lose Calm	3R	4	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste and menace until end of turn. (A creature with menace can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	147	common	Jason A. Engle		
Sabertooth Outrider	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
Formidable ? Whenever Sabertooth Outrider attacks, if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater, Sabertooth Outrider gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	152	common	Winona Nelson		
Screamreach Brawler	2R	3	Creature ? Orc Berserker	"Dash {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	155	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Sprinting Warbrute	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Berserker	"Sprinting Warbrute attacks each combat if able.
Dash {3}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	157	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Vandalize	4R	5	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target land."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	165	common	Ryan Barger		
Aerie Bowmasters	2GG	4	Creature ? Hound Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Megamorph {5}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	170	common	Matt Stewart		
Ainok Artillerist	2G	3	Creature ? Hound Archer	Ainok Artillerist has reach as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it. (It can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	171	common	James Paick		
Atarka Beastbreaker	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Formidable ? {4}{G}: Atarka Beastbreaker gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	174	common	Johannes Voss		
Conifer Strider	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	179	common	YW Tang		
Dragon-Scarred Bear	2G	3	Creature ? Bear	Formidable ? {1}{G}: Regenerate Dragon-Scarred Bear. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	183	common	Lars Grant-West		
Epic Confrontation	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature you control gets +1/+2 until end of turn. It fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	185	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Glade Watcher	1G	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Defender
Formidable ? {G}: Glade Watcher can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	188	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Guardian Shield-Bearer	1G	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Megamorph {3}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Guardian Shield-Bearer is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	189	common	Lindsey Look		
Sandsteppe Scavenger	4G	5	Creature ? Hound Scout	"When Sandsteppe Scavenger enters the battlefield, bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	200	common	Kieran Yanner		
Segmented Krotiq	5G	6	Creature ? Insect	Megamorph {6}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	202	common	Christopher Moeller		
Servant of the Scale	G	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Servant of the Scale enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
When Servant of the Scale dies, put X +1/+1 counters on target creature you control, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Servant of the Scale."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	203	common	Winona Nelson		
Sheltered Aerie	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add two mana of any one color."""	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	206	common	Raoul Vitale		
Stampeding Elk Herd	3GG	5	Creature ? Elk	"Formidable ? Whenever Stampeding Elk Herd attacks, if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater, creatures you control gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	208	common	Carl Frank		
Ancestral Statue	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When Ancestral Statue enters the battlefield, return a nonland permanent you control to its owner's hand."			Dragons of Tarkir	234	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Custodian of the Trove	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Defender
Custodian of the Trove enters the battlefield tapped."			Dragons of Tarkir	236	common	Raoul Vitale		
Keeper of the Lens	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Golem	You may look at face-down creatures you don't control any time.			Dragons of Tarkir	240	common	Ryan Barger		
Eldrazi Devastator	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi	Trample			Battle for Zendikar	7	common	Joseph Meehan		
Kozilek's Channeler	5	5	Creature ? Eldrazi	{T}: Add {C}{C}.			Battle for Zendikar	10	common	Jason Felix		
Ruin Processor	7	7	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"When you cast this spell, you may put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard. If you do, you gain 5 life."			Battle for Zendikar	12	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Angelic Gift	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Angelic Gift enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has flying."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	19	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Cliffside Lookout	W	1	Creature ? Kor Scout Ally	{4}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	20	common	Eric Deschamps		
Courier Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
When Courier Griffin enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	21	common	Kieran Yanner		
Felidar Cub	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Beast	Sacrifice Felidar Cub: Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	25	common	Steve Prescott		
Fortified Rampart	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	Defender	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	27	common	David Gaillet		
Ghostly Sentinel	4W	5	Creature ? Kor Spirit	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	28	common	Daarken		
Kitesail Scout	W	1	Creature ? Kor Scout	Flying	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	33	common	Dan Scott		
Kor Castigator	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Wizard Ally	Kor Castigator can't be blocked by Eldrazi Scions.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	35	common	Greg Opalinski		
Makindi Patrol	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Makindi Patrol or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	39	common	David Palumbo		
Ondu Greathorn	3W	4	Creature ? Beast	"First strike
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Ondu Greathorn gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	40	common	Aaron Miller		
Shadow Glider	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Soldier	Flying	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	47	common	Steve Prescott		
Sheer Drop	2W	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target tapped creature.
Awaken 3?{5}{W} (If you cast this spell for {5}{W}, also put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	48	common	Clint Cearley		
Stone Haven Medic	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Cleric	"{W}, {T}: You gain 1 life."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	51	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Benthic Infiltrator	2U	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)
Benthic Infiltrator can't be blocked."		U	Battle for Zendikar	55	common	Mathias Kollros		
Eldrazi Skyspawner	2U	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
When Eldrazi Skyspawner enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		U	Battle for Zendikar	58	common	Chase Stone		
Incubator Drone	3U	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Incubator Drone enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		U	Battle for Zendikar	60	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Mist Intruder	1U	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)"		U	Battle for Zendikar	61	common	Jason Rainville		
Murk Strider	3U	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Murk Strider enters the battlefield, you may put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard. If you do, return target creature to its owner's hand."		U	Battle for Zendikar	62	common	Chase Stone		
Oracle of Dust	4U	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{2}, Put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard: Draw a card, then discard a card."		U	Battle for Zendikar	63	common	Jason Rainville		
Salvage Drone	U	1	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)
When Salvage Drone dies, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."		U	Battle for Zendikar	65	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Brilliant Spectrum	3U	4	Sorcery	"Converge ? Draw X cards, where X is the number of colors of mana spent to cast Brilliant Spectrum. Then discard two cards."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	70	common	Winona Nelson		
Cloud Manta	3U	4	Creature ? Fish	Flying	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	71	common	Mike Bierek		
Clutch of Currents	U	1	Sorcery	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Awaken 3?{4}{U} (If you cast this spell for {4}{U}, also put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	72	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Coralhelm Guide	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Scout Ally	{4}{U}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	74	common	Viktor Titov		
Rush of Ice	U	1	Sorcery	"Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Awaken 3?{4}{U} (If you cast this spell for {4}{U}, also put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	84	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Tightening Coils	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -6/-0 and loses flying."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	86	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Wave-Wing Elemental	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Wave-Wing Elemental gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	88	common	John Severin Brassell		
Culling Drone	1B	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)"		B	Battle for Zendikar	91	common	Alejandro Mirabal		
Dominator Drone	2B	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)
When Dominator Drone enters the battlefield, if you control another colorless creature, each opponent loses 2 life."		B	Battle for Zendikar	92	common	James Zapata		
Mind Raker	3B	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Mind Raker enters the battlefield, you may put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard. If you do, each opponent discards a card."		B	Battle for Zendikar	95	common	Lius Lasahido		
Silent Skimmer	3B	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
Whenever Silent Skimmer attacks, defending player loses 2 life."		B	Battle for Zendikar	96	common	Alejandro Mirabal		
Sludge Crawler	B	1	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)
{2}: Sludge Crawler gets +1/+1 until end of turn."		B	Battle for Zendikar	98	common	Johann Bodin		
Swarm Surge	2B	3	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. Colorless creatures you control also gain first strike until end of turn."		B	Battle for Zendikar	100	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Demon's Grasp	4B	5	Sorcery	Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	108	common	David Gaillet		
Geyserfield Stalker	4B	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Geyserfield Stalker gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	111	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Kalastria Healer	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Cleric Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Kalastria Healer or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	114	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Kalastria Nightwatch	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Warrior Ally	"Whenever you gain life, Kalastria Nightwatch gains flying until end of turn."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	115	common	Jama Jurabaev		
Mire's Malice	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent discards two cards.
Awaken 3?{5}{B} (If you cast this spell for {5}{B}, also put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	117	common	Jakub Kasper		
Nirkana Assassin	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Assassin Ally	"Whenever you gain life, Nirkana Assassin gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	118	common	Viktor Titov		
Voracious Null	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Put two +1/+1 counters on Voracious Null. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	125	common	Karl Kopinski		
Kozilek's Sentinel	1R	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, Kozilek's Sentinel gets +1/+0 until end of turn."		R	Battle for Zendikar	129	common	Raymond Swanland		
Nettle Drone	2R	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{T}: Nettle Drone deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, untap Nettle Drone."		R	Battle for Zendikar	131	common	Clint Cearley		
Touch of the Void	2R	3	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Touch of the Void deals 3 damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead."		R	Battle for Zendikar	134	common	David Gaillet		
Vestige of Emrakul	3R	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Trample"		R	Battle for Zendikar	136	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Belligerent Whiptail	3R	4	Creature ? Wurm	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Belligerent Whiptail gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	141	common	Jakub Kasper		
Boiling Earth	1R	2	Sorcery	"Boiling Earth deals 1 damage to each creature your opponents control.
Awaken 4?{6}{R} (If you cast this spell for {6}{R}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	142	common	Titus Lunter		
Lavastep Raider	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	{2}{R}: Lavastep Raider gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	147	common	Matt Stewart		
Makindi Sliderunner	1R	2	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Makindi Sliderunner gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	148	common	Matt Stewart		
Ondu Champion	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Ondu Champion or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain trample until end of turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	149	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Reckless Cohort	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior Ally	Reckless Cohort attacks each combat if able unless you control another Ally.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	152	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Shatterskull Recruit	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior Ally	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	155	common	David Palumbo		
Valakut Invoker	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	{8}: Valakut Invoker deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	159	common	Joseph Meehan		
Valakut Predator	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Valakut Predator gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	160	common	Kev Walker		
Blisterpod	G	1	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Blisterpod dies, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		G	Battle for Zendikar	163	common	Ryan Barger		
Call the Scions	2G	3	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Create two 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		G	Battle for Zendikar	165	common	Winona Nelson		
Eyeless Watcher	3G	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Eyeless Watcher enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		G	Battle for Zendikar	166	common	Yohann Schepacz		
Broodhunter Wurm	3G	4	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Battle for Zendikar	171	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Earthen Arms	1G	2	Sorcery	"Put two +1/+1 counters on target permanent.
Awaken 4?{6}{G} (If you cast this spell for {6}{G}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	172	common	Dan Scott		
Lifespring Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add one mana of any color.	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	177	common	Willian Murai		
Oran-Rief Invoker	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	{8}: Oran-Rief Invoker gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	182	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Reclaiming Vines	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or land."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	185	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Seek the Wilds	1G	2	Sorcery	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	189	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Snapping Gnarlid	1G	2	Creature ? Beast	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Snapping Gnarlid gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	190	common	Kev Walker		
Tajuru Beastmaster	5G	6	Creature ? Elf Warrior Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Tajuru Beastmaster or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	193	common	Greg Opalinski		
Tajuru Stalwart	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Scout Ally	Converge ? Tajuru Stalwart enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	194	common	Wesley Burt		
Hedron Blade	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature becomes blocked by one or more colorless creatures, it gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Battle for Zendikar	224	common	Zack Stella		
Fertile Thicket		0	Land	"Fertile Thicket enters the battlefield tapped.
When Fertile Thicket enters the battlefield, you may look at the top five cards of your library. If you do, reveal up to one basic land card from among them, then put that card on top of your library and the rest on the bottom in any order.
{T}: Add {G}."		G	Battle for Zendikar	237	common	Andreas Rocha		
Looming Spires		0	Land	"Looming Spires enters the battlefield tapped.
When Looming Spires enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.
{T}: Add {R}."		R	Battle for Zendikar	238	common	Florian de Gesincourt		
Mortuary Mire		0	Land	"Mortuary Mire enters the battlefield tapped.
When Mortuary Mire enters the battlefield, you may put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library.
{T}: Add {B}."		B	Battle for Zendikar	240	common	James Paick		
Sandstone Bridge		0	Land	"Sandstone Bridge enters the battlefield tapped.
When Sandstone Bridge enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.
{T}: Add {W}."		W	Battle for Zendikar	243	common	Cliff Childs		
Skyline Cascade		0	Land	"Skyline Cascade enters the battlefield tapped.
When Skyline Cascade enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
{T}: Add {U}."		U	Battle for Zendikar	246	common	Philip Straub		
Kozilek's Pathfinder	6	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	{C}: Target creature can't block Kozilek's Pathfinder this turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)			Oath of the Gatewatch	5	common	James Zapata		
Warden of Geometries	4	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Vigilance
{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"			Oath of the Gatewatch	11	common	Jason Felix		
Affa Protector	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier Ally	Vigilance	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	14	common	Izzy		
Expedition Raptor	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Expedition Raptor enters the battlefield, support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)"	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	18	common	Johann Bodin		
Isolation Zone	2WW	4	Enchantment	"When Isolation Zone enters the battlefield, exile target creature or enchantment an opponent controls until Isolation Zone leaves the battlefield. (That permanent returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	22	common	Chris Rallis		
Kor Scythemaster	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Soldier Ally	Kor Scythemaster has first strike as long as it's attacking.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	23	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Kor Sky Climber	2W	3	Creature ? Kor Soldier Ally	{1}{W}: Kor Sky Climber gains flying until end of turn.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	24	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Makindi Aeronaut	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Scout Ally	Flying	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	27	common	Matt Stewart		
Ondu War Cleric	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: You gain 2 life."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	31	common	Ben Maier		
Shoulder to Shoulder	2W	3	Sorcery	"Support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.)
Draw a card."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	34	common	Chris Rallis		
Spawnbinder Mage	3W	4	Creature ? Human Wizard Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Tap target creature."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	35	common	Dan Scott		
Blinding Drone	1U	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{C}, {T}: Tap target creature. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	41	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Cultivator Drone	2U	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{T}: Add {C}. Spend this mana only to cast a colorless spell, activate an ability of a colorless permanent, or pay a cost that contains {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	42	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Gravity Negator	3U	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
Whenever Gravity Negator attacks, you may pay {C}. If you do, another target creature gains flying until end of turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	45	common	Chase Stone		
Slip Through Space	U	1	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target creature can't be blocked this turn.
Draw a card."		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	47	common	Raymond Swanland		
Containment Membrane	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Surge {U} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	52	common	Daarken		
Jwar Isle Avenger	4U	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Surge {2}{U} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Flying"	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	58	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Umara Entangler	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue Ally	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	65	common	James Ryman		
Kozilek's Shrieker	2B	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{C}: Kozilek's Shrieker gets +1/+0 and gains menace until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures. {C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	73	common	Jason Felix		
Kozilek's Translator	4B	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Pay 1 life: Add {C}. Activate this ability only once each turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	74	common	Izzy		
Oblivion Strike	3B	4	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Exile target creature."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	75	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Sky Scourer	1B	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, Sky Scourer gets +1/+0 until end of turn."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	78	common	Winona Nelson		
Slaughter Drone	1B	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{C}: Slaughter Drone gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it. {C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	79	common	Dan Scott		
Witness the End	3B	4	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target opponent exiles two cards from their hand and loses 2 life."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	82	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Untamed Hunger	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	91	common	Willian Murai		
Vampire Envoy	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Cleric Ally	"Flying
Whenever Vampire Envoy becomes tapped, you gain 1 life."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	92	common	Johannes Voss		
Zulaport Chainmage	3B	4	Creature ? Human Shaman Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Target opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	93	common	Chris Rallis		
Eldrazi Aggressor	2R	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Eldrazi Aggressor has haste as long as you control another colorless creature."		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	95	common	Mathias Kollros		
Maw of Kozilek	3R	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{C}: Maw of Kozilek gets +2/-2 until end of turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	99	common	Daarken		
Akoum Flameseeker	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	101	common	Willian Murai		
Boulder Salvo	4R	5	Sorcery	"Surge {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Boulder Salvo deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	102	common	Vincent Proce		
Cinder Hellion	4R	5	Creature ? Hellion	"Trample
When Cinder Hellion enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	105	common	Jason Kang		
Goblin Freerunner	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior Ally	"Surge {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	111	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Zada's Commando	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Archer Ally	"First strike
Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Zada's Commando deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	120	common	Zack Stella		
Scion Summoner	2G	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Scion Summoner enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."" ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	123	common	Johann Bodin		
Stalking Drone	1G	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{C}: Stalking Drone gets +1/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	124	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Canopy Gorger	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	129	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Loam Larva	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	"When Loam Larva enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	135	common	Jason Kang		
Saddleback Lagac	3G	4	Creature ? Lizard	"When Saddleback Lagac enters the battlefield, support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)"	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	142	common	Jason Kang		
Tajuru Pathwarden	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Warrior Ally	"Vigilance, trample"	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	145	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Hedron Crawler	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)			Oath of the Gatewatch	164	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Seer's Lantern	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
{2}, {T}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"			Oath of the Gatewatch	165	common	Jung Park		
Crumbling Vestige		0	Land	"Crumbling Vestige enters the battlefield tapped.
When Crumbling Vestige enters the battlefield, add one mana of any color.
{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"			Oath of the Gatewatch	170	common	Zack Stella		
Holdout Settlement		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
{T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color."			Oath of the Gatewatch	172	common	Kieran Yanner		
Angelic Purge	2W	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.
Exile target artifact, creature, or enchantment."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	3	common	Zezhou Chen		
Apothecary Geist	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Apothecary Geist enters the battlefield, if you control another Spirit, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	4	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Cathar's Companion	2W	3	Creature ? Hound	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Cathar's Companion gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	9	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Chaplain's Blessing	W	1	Sorcery	You gain 5 life.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	10	common	John Stanko		
Dauntless Cathar	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}{W}, Exile Dauntless Cathar from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	11	common	Zack Stella		
Devilthorn Fox	1W	2	Creature ? Fox		W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	14	common	Filip Burburan		
Emissary of the Sleepless	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Emissary of the Sleepless enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	17	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Ethereal Guidance	2W	3	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	18	common	Ben Maier		
Inquisitor's Ox	3W	4	Creature ? Ox	Delirium ? Inquisitor's Ox gets +1/+0 and has vigilance as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	24	common	Vincent Proce		
Inspiring Captain	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"When Inspiring Captain enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	25	common	Ben Maier		
Militant Inquisitor	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	Militant Inquisitor gets +1/+0 for each Equipment you control.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	26	common	Karl Kopinski		
Moorland Drifter	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	Delirium ? Moorland Drifter has flying as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	27	common	Ryan Yee		
Stern Constable	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}, Discard a card: Tap target creature."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	39	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Vessel of Ephemera	1W	2	Enchantment	"{2}{W}, Sacrifice Vessel of Ephemera: Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	48	common	Kieran Yanner		
Drownyard Explorers	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Drownyard Explorers enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	56	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Furtive Homunculus	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus	Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	64	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Gone Missing	4U	5	Sorcery	"Put target permanent on top of its owner's library.
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	67	common	James Paick		
Lamplighter of Selhoff	4U	5	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"When Lamplighter of Selhoff enters the battlefield, if you control another Zombie, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	72	common	Clint Cearley		
Nagging Thoughts	1U	2	Sorcery	"Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.
Madness {1}{U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	74	common	Seb McKinnon		
Niblis of Dusk	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	76	common	Nils Hamm		
Pieces of the Puzzle	2U	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put up to two instant and/or sorcery cards from among them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	78	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Press for Answers	1U	2	Sorcery	"Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	80	common	Steve Prescott		
Seagraf Skaab	1U	2	Creature ? Zombie		U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	84	common	Jama Jurabaev		
Silburlind Snapper	5U	6	Creature ? Turtle	Silburlind Snapper can't attack unless you've cast a noncreature spell this turn.	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	85	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Silent Observer	3U	4	Creature ? Spirit	Flying	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	86	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Sleep Paralysis	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Sleep Paralysis enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	87	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Stitched Mangler	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Stitched Mangler enters the battlefield tapped.
When Stitched Mangler enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	89	common	Dave Kendall		
Stormrider Spirit	4U	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	91	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Vessel of Paramnesia	1U	2	Enchantment	"{U}, Sacrifice Vessel of Paramnesia: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard. Draw a card."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	95	common	Kieran Yanner		
Alms of the Vein	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.
Madness {B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	98	common	David Gaillet		
Crow of Dark Tidings	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Bird	"Flying
When Crow of Dark Tidings enters the battlefield or dies, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	105	common	Tianhua X		
Farbog Revenant	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	110	common	Min Yum		
Ghoulcaller's Accomplice	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{3}{B}, Exile Ghoulcaller's Accomplice from your graveyard: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	112	common	Dave Kendall		
Hound of the Farbogs	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Hound	Delirium ? Hound of the Farbogs has menace as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard. (A creature with menace can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	117	common	Christine Choi		
Villainous Wealth	XBGU	3	Sorcery	Target opponent exiles the top X cards of their library. You may cast any number of nonland cards with converted mana cost X or less from among them without paying their mana costs.	B	U	Khans of Tarkir	211	rare	Erica Yang		
Warden of the Eye	2URW	5	Creature ? Djinn Wizard	"When Warden of the Eye enters the battlefield, return target noncreature, nonland card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	212	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Winterflame	1UR	3	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Tap target creature.
? Winterflame deals 2 damage to target creature."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	213	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Altar of the Brood	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever another permanent enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."			Khans of Tarkir	216	rare	Erica Yang		
Briber's Purse	X	0	Artifact	"Briber's Purse enters the battlefield with X gem counters on it.
{1}, {T}, Remove a gem counter from Briber's Purse: Target creature can't attack or block this turn."			Khans of Tarkir	217	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Cranial Archive	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, Exile Cranial Archive: Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library. Draw a card."			Khans of Tarkir	218	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Dragon Throne of Tarkir	4	4	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has defender and ""{2}, {T}: Other creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is this creature's power.""
Equip {3}"			Khans of Tarkir	219	rare	Daarken		
Ghostfire Blade	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip {3}
Ghostfire Blade's equip ability costs {2} less to activate if it targets a colorless creature."			Khans of Tarkir	220	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Witness of the Ages	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Morph {5} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)			Khans of Tarkir	228	uncommon	Izzy		
Frontier Bivouac		0	Land	"Frontier Bivouac enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}, {U}, or {R}."		U	Khans of Tarkir	234	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Mystic Monastery		0	Land	"Mystic Monastery enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}, {R}, or {W}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	236	uncommon	Florian de Gesincourt		
Nomad Outpost		0	Land	"Nomad Outpost enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}, {W}, or {B}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	237	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Opulent Palace		0	Land	"Opulent Palace enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}, {G}, or {U}."		U	Khans of Tarkir	238	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Sandsteppe Citadel		0	Land	"Sandsteppe Citadel enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}, {B}, or {G}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	241	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Tomb of the Spirit Dragon		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: You gain 1 life for each colorless creature you control."			Khans of Tarkir	245	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Wingmate Roc	3WW	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Raid ? When Wingmate Roc enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, create a 3/4 white Bird creature token with flying.
Whenever Wingmate Roc attacks, you gain 1 life for each attacking creature."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	31	mythic	Mark Zug		
Clever Impersonator	2UU	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	You may have Clever Impersonator enter the battlefield as a copy of any nonland permanent on the battlefield.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	34	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Pearl Lake Ancient	5UU	7	Creature ? Leviathan	"Flash
This spell can't be countered.
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Return three lands you control to their owner's hand: Return Pearl Lake Ancient to its owner's hand."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	49	mythic	Richard Wright		
Stubborn Denial	U	1	Instant	"Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, counter that spell instead."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	56	uncommon	James Ryman		
Dead Drop	9B	10	Sorcery	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Target player sacrifices two creatures."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	67	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Empty the Pits	XXBBBB	4	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Create X tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	72	mythic	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Ashcloud Phoenix	2RR	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Ashcloud Phoenix dies, return it to the battlefield face down under your control.
Morph {4}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Ashcloud Phoenix is turned face up, it deals 2 damage to each player."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	99	mythic	Howard Lyon		
Monastery Swiftspear	R	1	Creature ? Human Monk	"Haste
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	118	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
"Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker"	3RR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"+1: Until end of turn, Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker becomes a legendary 4/4 red Dragon creature with flying, indestructible, and haste. (He doesn't lose loyalty while he's not a planeswalker.)
?3: Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker deals 4 damage to target creature.
?6: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of your draw step, draw two additional cards"" and ""At the beginning of your end step, discard your hand."""	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	119	mythic	Daarken		
Hardened Scales	G	1	Enchantment	"If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on it instead."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	133	rare	Mark Winters		
Hooded Hydra	XGG	2	Creature ? Snake Hydra	"Hooded Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When Hooded Hydra dies, create a 1/1 green Snake creature token for each +1/+1 counter on it.
Morph {3}{G}{G}
As Hooded Hydra is turned face up, put five +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	136	mythic	Chase Stone		
See the Unwritten	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Reveal the top eight cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest into your graveyard.
Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may put two creature cards onto the battlefield instead of one."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	149	mythic	Ryan Barger		
"Anafenza, the Foremost"	WBG	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Anafenza, the Foremost attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on another target tapped creature you control.
If a nontoken creature an opponent owns would die or a creature card not on the battlefield would be put into an opponent's graveyard, exile that card instead."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	163	mythic	James Ryman		
Deflecting Palm	RW	2	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. If damage is prevented this way, Deflecting Palm deals that much damage to that source's controller."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	173	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Mantis Rider	URW	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"Flying, vigilance, haste"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	184	rare	Johann Bodin		
"Narset, Enlightened Master"	3URW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk	"First strike, hexproof
Whenever Narset, Enlightened Master attacks, exile the top four cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may cast noncreature cards exiled with Narset this turn without paying their mana costs."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	190	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Rakshasa Vizier	2BGU	5	Creature ? Cat Demon	"Whenever one or more cards are put into exile from your graveyard, put that many +1/+1 counters on Rakshasa Vizier."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	193	rare	Nils Hamm		
"Sidisi, Brood Tyrant"	1BGU	4	Legendary Creature ? Naga Shaman	"Whenever Sidisi, Brood Tyrant enters the battlefield or attacks, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.
Whenever one or more creature cards are put into your graveyard from your library, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	199	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
"Sorin, Solemn Visitor"	2WB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sorin	"+1: Until your next turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain lifelink.
?2: Create a 2/2 black Vampire creature token with flying.
?6: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature."""	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	202	mythic	Cynthia Sheppard		
Surrak Dragonclaw	2GUR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Flash
This spell can't be countered.
Creature spells you control can't be countered.
Other creatures you control have trample."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	206	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Trap Essence	GUR	3	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	209	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Utter End	2WB	4	Instant	Exile target nonland permanent.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	210	rare	Mark Winters		
Zurgo Helmsmasher	2RWB	5	Legendary Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Haste
Zurgo Helmsmasher attacks each combat if able.
Zurgo Helmsmasher has indestructible as long as it's your turn.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Zurgo Helmsmasher this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Zurgo Helmsmasher."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	214	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Ugin's Nexus	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"If a player would begin an extra turn, that player skips that turn instead.
If Ugin's Nexus would be put into a graveyard from the battlefield, instead exile it and take an extra turn after this one."			Khans of Tarkir	227	mythic	Sam Burley		
Windstorm	XG	1	Instant	Windstorm deals X damage to each creature with flying.	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	157	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Lightform	1WW	3	Enchantment	"When Lightform enters the battlefield, it becomes an Aura with enchant creature. Manifest the top card of your library and attach Lightform to it. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)
Enchanted creature has flying and lifelink."	W	W	Fate Reforged	16	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Cloudform	1UU	3	Enchantment	"When Cloudform enters the battlefield, it becomes an Aura with enchant creature. Manifest the top card of your library and attach Cloudform to it. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)
Enchanted creature has flying and hexproof."	U	U	Fate Reforged	32	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Marang River Prowler	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Marang River Prowler can't block and can't be blocked.
You may cast Marang River Prowler from your graveyard as long as you control a black or green permanent."	U	U	Fate Reforged	40	uncommon	Yefim Kligerman		
Dark Deal	2B	3	Sorcery	"Each player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards minus one."	B	B	Fate Reforged	66	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Diplomacy of the Wastes	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. If you control a Warrior, that player loses 2 life."	B	B	Fate Reforged	67	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Merciless Executioner	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"When Merciless Executioner enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Fate Reforged	76	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Abzan Beastmaster	2G	3	Creature ? Hound Shaman	"At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you control the creature with the greatest toughness or tied for the greatest toughness."	G	G	Fate Reforged	119	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Cached Defenses	2G	3	Sorcery	Bolster 3. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put three +1/+1 counters on it.)	G	G	Fate Reforged	126	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Hewed Stone Retainers	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Cast this spell only if you've cast another spell this turn.			Fate Reforged	161	uncommon	David Seguin		
Aven Sunstriker	1WW	3	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
Megamorph {4}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	5	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Dromoka Captain	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Whenever Dromoka Captain attacks, bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	12	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Graceblade Artisan	2W	3	Creature ? Human Monk	Graceblade Artisan gets +2/+2 for each Aura attached to it.	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	20	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Silumgar Sorcerer	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Silumgar Sorcerer exploits a creature, counter target creature spell."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	76	uncommon	Jeff Simpson		
Silumgar Spell-Eater	2U	3	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"Megamorph {4}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Silumgar Spell-Eater is turned face up, counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	77	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Ambuscade Shaman	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Shaman	"Whenever Ambuscade Shaman or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, that creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Dash {3}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	87	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Minister of Pain	2B	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Minister of Pain exploits a creature, creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	111	uncommon	Izzy		
Virulent Plague	2B	3	Enchantment	Creature tokens get -2/-2.	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	125	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Kolaghan Forerunners	2R	3	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Trample
Kolaghan Forerunners's power is equal to the number of creatures you control.
Dash {2}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	144	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Qal Sisma Behemoth	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	Qal Sisma Behemoth can't attack or block unless you pay {2}.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	149	uncommon	Evan Shipard		
Seismic Rupture	2R	3	Sorcery	Seismic Rupture deals 2 damage to each creature without flying.	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	156	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Salt Road Quartermasters	2G	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Salt Road Quartermasters enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}{G}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Salt Road Quartermasters: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	199	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Atarka Monument	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {G}.
{4}{R}{G}: Atarka Monument becomes a 4/4 red and green Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		R	Dragons of Tarkir	235	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Dromoka Monument	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {W}.
{4}{G}{W}: Dromoka Monument becomes a 4/4 green and white Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		W	Dragons of Tarkir	238	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Gate Smasher	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Gate Smasher can be attached only to a creature with toughness 4 or greater.
Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and has trample.
Equip {3}"			Dragons of Tarkir	239	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Kolaghan Monument	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {R}.
{4}{B}{R}: Kolaghan Monument becomes a 4/4 black and red Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		R	Dragons of Tarkir	241	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Ojutai Monument	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {U}.
{4}{W}{U}: Ojutai Monument becomes a 4/4 white and blue Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		W	Dragons of Tarkir	242	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Silumgar Monument	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {B}.
{4}{U}{B}: Silumgar Monument becomes a 4/4 blue and black Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn."		U	Dragons of Tarkir	243	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Stasis Snare	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Stasis Snare enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Stasis Snare leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	50	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Ruination Guide	2U	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)
Other colorless creatures you control get +1/+0."		U	Battle for Zendikar	64	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Halimar Tidecaller	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard Ally	"When Halimar Tidecaller enters the battlefield, you may return target card with awaken from your graveyard to your hand.
Land creatures you control have flying."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	79	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Retreat to Coralhelm	2U	3	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one ?
? You may tap or untap target creature.
? Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	82	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Hagra Sharpshooter	2B	3	Creature ? Human Assassin Ally	{4}{B}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	113	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Malakir Familiar	2B	3	Creature ? Bat	"Flying, deathtouch
Whenever you gain life, Malakir Familiar gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	116	uncommon	Alejandro Mirabal		
Retreat to Hagra	2B	3	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one ?
? Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.
? Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	121	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Molten Nursery	2R	3	Enchantment	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, Molten Nursery deals 1 damage to any target."		R	Battle for Zendikar	130	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Vile Aggregate	2R	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Vile Aggregate's power is equal to the number of colorless creatures you control.
Trample
Ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)"		R	Battle for Zendikar	137	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Firemantle Mage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Firemantle Mage or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain menace until end of turn. (A creature with menace can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	145	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Retreat to Valakut	2R	3	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one ?
? Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
? Target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	153	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Tunneling Geopede	2R	3	Creature ? Insect	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Tunneling Geopede deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	158	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Void Attendant	2G	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{1}{G}, Put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard: Create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		G	Battle for Zendikar	169	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Retreat to Kazandu	2G	3	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
? You gain 2 life."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	186	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Catacomb Sifter	1BG	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Catacomb Sifter enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}.""
Whenever another creature you control dies, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"		G	Battle for Zendikar	201	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Herald of Kozilek	1UR	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Colorless spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."		U	Battle for Zendikar	205	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Drana's Emissary	1WB	3	Creature ? Vampire Cleric Ally	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	210	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Roil Spout	1WU	3	Sorcery	"Put target creature on top of its owner's library.
Awaken 4?{4}{W}{U} (If you cast this spell for {4}{W}{U}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	219	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Wall of Resurgence	2W	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Wall of Resurgence enters the battlefield, you may put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control. If you do, that land becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste that's still a land."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	39	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Essence Depleter	2B	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{1}{C}: Target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	69	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Flaying Tendrils	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. If a creature would die this turn, exile it instead."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	70	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Devour in Flames	2R	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, return a land you control to its owner's hand.
Devour in Flames deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	106	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Kazuul's Toll Collector	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	{0}: Attach target Equipment you control to Kazuul's Toll Collector. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	112	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Reckless Bushwhacker	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior Ally	"Surge {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Haste
When Reckless Bushwhacker enters the battlefield, if its surge cost was paid, other creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	116	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Flayer Drone	1BR	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
First strike
Whenever another colorless creature enters the battlefield under your control, target opponent loses 1 life."		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	148	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Mindmelter	1UB	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Mindmelter can't be blocked.
{3}{C}: Target opponent exiles a card from their hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	149	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Void Grafter	1GU	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Void Grafter enters the battlefield, another target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn."		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	150	uncommon	Alejandro Mirabal		
Joraga Auxiliary	1GW	3	Creature ? Elf Soldier Ally	{4}{G}{W}: Support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	154	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Reflector Mage	1WU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Reflector Mage enters the battlefield, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand. That creature's owner can't cast spells with the same name as that creature until your next turn."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	157	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Relentless Hunter	1RG	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	{1}{R}{G}: Relentless Hunter gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	158	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Chitinous Cloak	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Equip {3}"			Oath of the Gatewatch	163	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Bound by Moonsilver	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack, block, or transform.
Sacrifice another permanent: Attach Bound by Moonsilver to target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery and only once each turn."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	7	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Hope Against Hope	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.
As long as enchanted creature is a Human, it has first strike."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	22	uncommon	David Seguin		
Paranoid Parish-Blade	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Delirium ? Paranoid Parish-Blade gets +1/+0 and has first strike as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	33	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Spectral Shepherd	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{1}{U}: Return target Spirit you control to its owner's hand."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	38	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Fleeting Memories	2U	3	Enchantment	"When Fleeting Memories enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	62	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Trail of Evidence	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	93	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Behind the Scenes	2B	3	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have skulk. (They can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
{4}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	W	Shadows over Innistrad	100	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Pick the Brain	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.
Delirium ? If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, search that player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as the exiled card, exile those cards, then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	129	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Tooth Collector	2B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Tooth Collector enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Delirium ? At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, target creature that player controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	140	uncommon	Bud Cook		
Stensia Masquerade	2R	3	Enchantment	"Attacking creatures you control have first strike.
Whenever a Vampire you control deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Madness {2}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	184	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Ulrich's Kindred	2R	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Trample
{3}{G}: Target attacking Wolf or Werewolf gains indestructible until end of turn."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	187	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Crawling Sensation	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere for the first time each turn, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	199	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Graf Mole	2G	3	Creature ? Mole Beast	"Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, you gain 3 life."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	207	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Howlpack Resurgence	2G	3	Enchantment	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Each creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf gets +1/+1 and has trample."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	211	uncommon	Izzy		
Ulvenwald Mysteries	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	236	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Weirding Wood	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Weirding Wood enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add two mana of any one color."""	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	240	uncommon	Jung Park		
Haunted Cloak	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has vigilance, trample, and haste.
Equip {1}"			Shadows over Innistrad	257	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Magnifying Glass	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}: Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"			Shadows over Innistrad	258	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Wild-Field Scarecrow	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Defender
{2}, Sacrifice Wild-Field Scarecrow: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Shadows over Innistrad	269	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Drogskol Shieldmate	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit Soldier	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Drogskol Shieldmate enters the battlefield, other creatures you control get +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	22	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Geist of the Archives	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Eldritch Moon	62	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Lunar Force	2U	3	Enchantment	"When an opponent casts a spell, sacrifice Lunar Force and counter that spell."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	68	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Nebelgast Herald	2U	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
Whenever Nebelgast Herald or another Spirit enters the battlefield under your control, tap target creature an opponent controls."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	71	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Liliana's Elite	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	Liliana's Elite gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	94	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Prying Questions	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent loses 3 life and puts a card from their hand on top of their library.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	101	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Shreds of Sanity	2R	3	Sorcery	"Return up to one target instant card and up to one target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand, then discard a card. Exile Shreds of Sanity."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	141	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Weaver of Lightning	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Reach
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Weaver of Lightning deals 1 damage to target creature an opponent controls."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	149	uncommon	John Stanko		
Foul Emissary	2G	3	Creature ? Human Horror	"When Foul Emissary enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
When you sacrifice Foul Emissary while casting a spell with emerge, create a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	158	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Mournwillow	1BG	3	Creature ? Plant Skeleton	"Haste
Delirium ? When Mournwillow enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, creatures with power 2 or less can't block this turn."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	187	uncommon	Jeff Simpson		
Slayer's Cleaver	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+1 and must be blocked by an Eldrazi if able.
Equip {4}"			Eldritch Moon	198	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Thirsting Axe	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/+0.
At the beginning of your end step, if equipped creature didn't deal combat damage to a creature this turn, sacrifice it.
Equip {2}"			Eldritch Moon	202	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Aerial Responder	1WW	3	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	"Flying, vigilance, lifelink"	W	W	Kaladesh	2	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Fairgrounds Warden	2W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	"When Fairgrounds Warden enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Fairgrounds Warden leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Kaladesh	13	uncommon	Izzy		
Janjeet Sentry	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Soldier	"When Janjeet Sentry enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}{E}: You may tap or untap target artifact or creature."	U	U	Kaladesh	53	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Morbid Curiosity	1BB	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Draw cards equal to the converted mana cost of the sacrificed permanent."	B	B	Kaladesh	94	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Weaponcraft Enthusiast	2B	3	Creature ? Aetherborn Artificer	"Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)"	B	B	Kaladesh	105	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Aethertorch Renegade	2R	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Aethertorch Renegade enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E}{E} (four energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}{E}: Aethertorch Renegade deals 1 damage to target creature.
{T}, Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}: Aethertorch Renegade deals 6 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Kaladesh	106	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Brazen Scourge	1RR	3	Creature ? Gremlin	Haste	R	R	Kaladesh	107	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Quicksmith Genius	2R	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Kaladesh	125	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Fairgrounds Trumpeter	2G	3	Creature ? Elephant	"At the beginning of each end step, if a +1/+1 counter was put on a permanent under your control this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Fairgrounds Trumpeter."	G	G	Kaladesh	155	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Empyreal Voyager	1GU	3	Creature ? Vedalken Scout	"Flying, trample
Whenever Empyreal Voyager deals combat damage to a player, you get that many {E} (energy counters)."	U	U	Kaladesh	180	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Whirler Virtuoso	1UR	3	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"When Whirler Virtuoso enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."	U	U	Kaladesh	190	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Chief of the Foundry	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Other artifact creatures you control get +1/+1.			Kaladesh	200	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Fabrication Module	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you get one or more {E} (energy counters), put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
{4}, {T}: You get {E}."			Kaladesh	211	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Filigree Familiar	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Fox	"When Filigree Familiar enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
When Filigree Familiar dies, draw a card."			Kaladesh	212	uncommon	Izzy		
Foundry Inspector	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Artifact spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.			Kaladesh	215	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Whirlermaker	3	3	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."			Kaladesh	239	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Renegade Firebrand	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"As long as you control a Chandra planeswalker, Renegade Firebrand gets +1/+0 and has first strike. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	R	R	Kaladesh	268	uncommon	John Stanko		
Deadeye Harpooner	2W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Warrior	"Revolt ? When Deadeye Harpooner enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, destroy target tapped creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Aether Revolt	15	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Thopter Arrest	2W	3	Enchantment	"When Thopter Arrest enters the battlefield, exile target artifact or creature an opponent controls until Thopter Arrest leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Aether Revolt	25	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Trophy Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Trophy Mage enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost 3, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Aether Revolt	48	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Vengeful Rebel	2B	3	Creature ? Aetherborn Warrior	"Revolt ? When Vengeful Rebel enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, target creature an opponent controls gets -3/-3 until end of turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	73	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Reckless Racer	2R	3	Creature ? Human Pilot	"First strike
Whenever Reckless Racer becomes tapped, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Aether Revolt	95	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Siege Modification	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature or Vehicle
As long as enchanted permanent is a Vehicle, it's a creature in addition to its other types.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and has first strike."	R	R	Aether Revolt	99	uncommon	Sung Choi		
Maulfist Revolutionary	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
When Maulfist Revolutionary enters the battlefield or dies, for each kind of counter on target permanent or player, give that permanent or player another counter of that kind."	G	G	Aether Revolt	115	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Renegade Rallier	1GW	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Revolt ? When Renegade Rallier enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, return target permanent card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Aether Revolt	133	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Renegade Wheelsmith	1RW	3	Creature ? Dwarf Pilot	"Whenever Renegade Wheelsmith becomes tapped, target creature can't block this turn."	W	W	Aether Revolt	134	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Rogue Refiner	1GU	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Rogue Refiner enters the battlefield, draw a card and you get {E}{E} (two energy counters)."	U	U	Aether Revolt	135	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Tezzeret's Touch	1UB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact is a creature with base power and toughness 5/5 in addition to its other types.
When enchanted artifact is put into a graveyard, return that card to its owner's hand."	U	U	Aether Revolt	138	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Weldfast Engineer	1BR	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, target artifact creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Aether Revolt	139	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Cogwork Assembler	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Assembly-Worker	{7}: Create a token that's a copy of target artifact. That token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.			Aether Revolt	145	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Daredevil Dragster	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"At end of combat, if Daredevil Dragster attacked or blocked this combat, put a velocity counter on it. Then if it has two or more velocity counters on it, sacrifice it and draw two cards.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Aether Revolt	149	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Tezzeret's Simulacrum	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{T}: Target opponent loses 1 life. If you control a Tezzeret planeswalker, that player loses 3 life instead."			Aether Revolt	193	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Devoted Crop-Mate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Devoted Crop-Mate as it attacks. When you do, return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	10	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Trial of Solidarity	2W	3	Enchantment	"When Trial of Solidarity enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +2/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.
When a Cartouche enters the battlefield under your control, return Trial of Solidarity to its owner's hand."	W	W	Amonkhet	34	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Vizier of Deferment	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Flash
When Vizier of Deferment enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature if it attacked or blocked this turn. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Amonkhet	37	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Vizier of Tumbling Sands	2U	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Untap another target permanent.
Cycling {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Vizier of Tumbling Sands, untap target permanent."	U	U	Amonkhet	75	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Baleful Ammit	2B	3	Creature ? Crocodile Demon	"Lifelink
When Baleful Ammit enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature you control."	B	B	Amonkhet	79	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Faith of the Devoted	2B	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, you may pay {1}. If you do, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Amonkhet	90	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Lord of the Accursed	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Other Zombies you control get +1/+1.
{1}{B}, {T}: All Zombies gain menace until end of turn."	B	B	Amonkhet	99	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Nest of Scarabs	2B	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you put one or more -1/-1 counters on a creature, create that many 1/1 black Insect creature tokens."	B	B	Amonkhet	101	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Ahn-Crop Crasher	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Haste
You may exert Ahn-Crop Crasher as it attacks. When you do, target creature can't block this turn. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	117	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Trial of Zeal	2R	3	Enchantment	"When Trial of Zeal enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target.
When a Cartouche enters the battlefield under your control, return Trial of Zeal to its owner's hand."	R	R	Amonkhet	152	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Defiant Greatmaw	2G	3	Creature ? Hippo	"When Defiant Greatmaw enters the battlefield, put two -1/-1 counters on target creature you control.
Whenever you put one or more -1/-1 counters on Defiant Greatmaw, remove a -1/-1 counter from another target creature you control."	G	G	Amonkhet	163	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Manglehorn	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"When Manglehorn enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact.
Artifacts your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	G	G	Amonkhet	175	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Trial of Strength	2G	3	Enchantment	"When Trial of Strength enters the battlefield, create a 4/2 green Beast creature token.
When a Cartouche enters the battlefield under your control, return Trial of Strength to its owner's hand."	G	G	Amonkhet	191	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Watchful Naga	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"You may exert Watchful Naga as it attacks. When you do, draw a card. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	193	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Khenra Charioteer	1RG	3	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"Trample
Other creatures you control have trample."	R	R	Amonkhet	201	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Weaver of Currents	1GU	3	Creature ? Naga Druid	{T}: Add {C}{C}.	U	U	Amonkhet	209	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Bontu's Monument	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"Black creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."			Amonkhet	225	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Edifice of Authority	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Target creature can't attack this turn. Put a brick counter on Edifice of Authority.
{1}, {T}: Until your next turn, target creature can't attack or block and its activated abilities can't be activated. Activate this ability only if there are three or more brick counters on Edifice of Authority."			Amonkhet	226	uncommon	Florian de Gesincourt		
Gate to the Afterlife	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, you gain 1 life. Then you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Gate to the Afterlife: Search your graveyard, hand, and/or library for a card named God-Pharaoh's Gift and put it onto the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle it. Activate this ability only if there are six or more creature cards in your graveyard."			Amonkhet	228	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Hazoret's Monument	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"Red creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."			Amonkhet	229	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Kefnet's Monument	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"Blue creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, target creature an opponent controls doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."			Amonkhet	231	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Oketra's Monument	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"White creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token with vigilance."			Amonkhet	233	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Rhonas's Monument	3	3	Legendary Artifact	"Green creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, target creature you control gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn."			Amonkhet	236	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Companion of the Trials	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
{1}{W}: Untap target creature. Activate this ability only if you control a Gideon planeswalker."	W	W	Amonkhet	271	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Desiccated Naga	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Naga	{3}{B}: Target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Activate this ability only if you control a Liliana planeswalker.	B	B	Amonkhet	276	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Desert's Hold	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Desert's Hold enters the battlefield, if you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard, you gain 3 life.
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	8	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Sunscourge Champion	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Sunscourge Champion enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to its power.
Eternalize?{2}{W}{W}, Discard a card. ({2}{W}{W}, Discard a card, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Human Wizard with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	26	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Unconventional Tactics	2W	3	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever a Zombie enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {W}. If you do, return Unconventional Tactics from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	27	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Eternal of Harsh Truths	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Afflict 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 2 life.)
Whenever Eternal of Harsh Truths attacks and isn't blocked, draw a card."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	34	uncommon	Izzy		
Sinuous Striker	2U	3	Creature ? Naga Warrior	"{U}: Sinuous Striker gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
Eternalize?{3}{U}{U}, Discard a card. ({3}{U}{U}, Discard a card, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Naga Warrior with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	45	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Banewhip Punisher	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Banewhip Punisher enters the battlefield, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
{B}, Sacrifice Banewhip Punisher: Destroy target creature that has a -1/-1 counter on it."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	59	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Doomfall	2B	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Target opponent exiles a creature they control.
? Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	62	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Merciless Eternal	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"Afflict 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 2 life.)
{2}{B}, Discard a card: Merciless Eternal gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	71	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Fervent Paincaster	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Fervent Paincaster deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{T}, Exert Fervent Paincaster: It deals 1 damage to target creature. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Hour of Devastation	91	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Devotee of Strength	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Wizard	{4}{G}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	113	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Dune Diviner	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Cleric	"{1}, Tap an untapped Desert you control: You gain 1 life."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	114	uncommon	Min Yum		
Nissa's Defeat	2G	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target Forest, green enchantment, or green planeswalker. If that permanent was a Nissa planeswalker, draw a card."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	123	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Bloodwater Entity	1UR	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Bloodwater Entity enters the battlefield, you may put target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard on top of your library."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	138	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Obelisk Spider	1BG	3	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Whenever Obelisk Spider deals combat damage to a creature, put a -1/-1 counter on that creature.
Whenever you put one or more -1/-1 counters on a creature, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	141	uncommon	YW Tang		
Resolute Survivors	1RW	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Resolute Survivors as it attacks. (It won't untap during your next untap step.)
Whenever you exert a creature, Resolute Survivors deals 1 damage to each opponent and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	142	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Unraveling Mummy	1WB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{1}{W}: Target attacking Zombie gains lifelink until end of turn.
{1}{B}: Target attacking Zombie gains deathtouch until end of turn."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	147	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Avid Reclaimer	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"{T}: Add {G} or {U}. If you control a Nissa planeswalker, you gain 2 life."	G	U	Hour of Devastation	201	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Jeskai Infiltrator	2U	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"Jeskai Infiltrator can't be blocked as long as you control no other creatures.
When Jeskai Infiltrator deals combat damage to a player, exile it and the top card of your library in a face-down pile, shuffle that pile, then manifest those cards. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	U	U	Fate Reforged	36	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Monastery Siege	2U	3	Enchantment	"As Monastery Siege enters the battlefield, choose Khans or Dragons.
? Khans ? At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card, then discard a card.
? Dragons ? Spells your opponents cast that target you or a permanent you control cost {2} more to cast."	U	U	Fate Reforged	43	rare	Mark Winters		
"Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest"	2U	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay {R/W}{R/W}. If you do, target creature gains double strike until end of turn."	U	W	Fate Reforged	52	rare	David Gaillet		
Mardu Strike Leader	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Mardu Strike Leader attacks, create a 2/1 black Warrior creature token.
Dash {3}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	75	rare	Jason Rainville		
"Alesha, Who Smiles at Death"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"First strike
Whenever Alesha, Who Smiles at Death attacks, you may pay {W/B}{W/B}. If you do, return target creature card with power 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped and attacking."	R	W	Fate Reforged	90	rare	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Flamewake Phoenix	1RR	3	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying, haste
Flamewake Phoenix attacks each combat if able.
Ferocious ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may pay {R}. If you do, return Flamewake Phoenix from your graveyard to the battlefield."	R	R	Fate Reforged	100	rare	Min Yum		
Yasova Dragonclaw	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay {1}{U/R}{U/R}. If you do, gain control of target creature an opponent controls with power less than Yasova Dragonclaw's power until end of turn, untap that creature, and it gains haste until end of turn."	G	U	Fate Reforged	148	rare	Winona Nelson		
Arashin Foremost	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Double strike
Whenever Arashin Foremost enters the battlefield or attacks, another target Warrior creature you control gains double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	3	rare	David Palumbo		
Shorecrasher Elemental	UUU	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}: Exile Shorecrasher Elemental, then return it to the battlefield face down under its owner's control.
{1}: Shorecrasher Elemental gets +1/-1 or -1/+1 until end of turn.
Megamorph {4}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	73	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
Blood-Chin Fanatic	1BB	3	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice another Warrior creature: Target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	88	rare	David Palumbo		
Corpseweft	2B	3	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Exile one or more creature cards from your graveyard: Create a tapped X/X black Zombie Horror creature token, where X is twice the number of cards exiled this way."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	92	rare	Nils Hamm		
Pitiless Horde	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Berserker	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life.
Dash {2}{B}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	112	rare	Viktor Titov		
Crater Elemental	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Crater Elemental: It deals 4 damage to target creature.
Formidable ? {2}{R}: Crater Elemental has base power 8 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	132	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Deathmist Raptor	1GG	3	Creature ? Dinosaur Beast	"Deathtouch
Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, you may return Deathmist Raptor from your graveyard to the battlefield face up or face down.
Megamorph {4}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	180	mythic	Filip Burburan		
Shaman of Forgotten Ways	2G	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{T}: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells.
Formidable ? {9}{G}{G}, {T}: Each player's life total becomes the number of creatures they control. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	204	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Lantern Scout	2W	3	Creature ? Human Scout Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Lantern Scout or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	37	rare	Steven Belledin		
Wasteland Strangler	2B	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Wasteland Strangler enters the battlefield, you may put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard. If you do, target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn."		B	Battle for Zendikar	102	rare	Jack Wang		
"Drana, Liberator of Malakir"	1BB	3	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Ally	"Flying, first strike
Whenever Drana, Liberator of Malakir deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on each attacking creature you control."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	109	mythic	Mike Bierek		
Painful Truths	2B	3	Sorcery	"Converge ? You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of colors of mana spent to cast Painful Truths."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	120	rare	Winona Nelson		
Ruinous Path	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature or planeswalker.
Awaken 4?{5}{B}{B} (If you cast this spell for {5}{B}{B}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	123	rare	Jaime Jones		
Radiant Flames	2R	3	Sorcery	"Converge ? Radiant Flames deals X damage to each creature, where X is the number of colors of mana spent to cast Radiant Flames."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	151	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Undergrowth Champion	1GG	3	Creature ? Elemental	"If damage would be dealt to Undergrowth Champion while it has a +1/+1 counter on it, prevent that damage and remove a +1/+1 counter from Undergrowth Champion.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Undergrowth Champion."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	197	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Veteran Warleader	1GW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier Ally	"Veteran Warleader's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.
Tap another untapped Ally you control: Veteran Warleader gains your choice of first strike, vigilance, or trample until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	221	rare	Josu Hernaiz		
Matter Reshaper	2C	3	Creature ? Eldrazi	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
When Matter Reshaper dies, reveal the top card of your library. You may put that card onto the battlefield if it's a permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less. Otherwise, put that card into your hand."			Oath of the Gatewatch	6	rare	Chris Rahn		
Eldrazi Displacer	2W	3	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{2}{C}: Exile another target creature, then return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		W	Oath of the Gatewatch	13	rare	Daarken		
Call the Gatewatch	2W	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a planeswalker card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	16	rare	Yefim Kligerman		
Oath of Gideon	2W	3	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Gideon enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Kor Ally creature tokens.
Each planeswalker you control enters the battlefield with an additional loyalty counter on it."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	30	rare	Wesley Burt		
Hedron Alignment	2U	3	Enchantment	"Hexproof
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may reveal your hand. If you do, you win the game if you own a card named Hedron Alignment in exile, in your hand, in your graveyard, and on the battlefield.
{1}{U}: Scry 1."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	57	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Oath of Jace	2U	3	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Jace enters the battlefield, draw three cards, then discard two cards.
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry X, where X is the number of planeswalkers you control."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	60	rare	Wesley Burt		
Eldrazi Obligator	2R	3	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When you cast this spell, you may pay {1}{C}. If you do, gain control of target creature until end of turn, untap that creature, and it gains haste until end of turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)
Haste"		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	96	rare	Jason Felix		
Vile Redeemer	2G	3	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flash
When you cast this spell, you may pay {C}. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token for each nontoken creature that died under your control this turn. Those tokens have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	125	rare	Jason Rainville		
"Nissa, Voice of Zendikar"	1GG	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+1: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.
?2: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.
?7: You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the number of lands you control."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	138	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
"Jori En, Ruin Diver"	1UR	3	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, draw a card."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	155	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Always Watching	1WW	3	Enchantment	Nontoken creatures you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	1	rare	Chase Stone		
Bygone Bishop	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"Flying
Whenever you cast a creature spell with converted mana cost 3 or less, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")"	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	8	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Diregraf Colossus	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"Diregraf Colossus enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each Zombie card in your graveyard.
Whenever you cast a Zombie spell, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	107	rare	Vincent Proce		
Harness the Storm	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand, you may cast target card with the same name as that spell from your graveyard. (You still pay its costs.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	163	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Sin Prodder	2R	3	Creature ? Devil	"Menace
At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. Any opponent may have you put that card into your graveyard. If a player does, Sin Prodder deals damage to that player equal to that card's converted mana cost. Otherwise, put that card into your hand."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	181	rare	Jack Wang		
Inexorable Blob	2G	3	Creature ? Ooze	"Delirium ? Whenever Inexorable Blob attacks, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, create a 3/3 green Ooze creature token that's tapped and attacking."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	212	rare	Nils Hamm		
Silverfur Partisan	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf Warrior	"Trample
Whenever a Wolf or Werewolf you control becomes the target of an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	228	rare	Izzy		
Tireless Tracker	2G	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on Tireless Tracker."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	233	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Fevered Visions	1UR	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, that player draws a card. If the player is your opponent and has four or more cards in hand, Fevered Visions deals 2 damage to that player."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	244	rare	Steven Belledin		
Invocation of Saint Traft	1WU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""Whenever this creature attacks, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying that's tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat."""	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	246	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
"Olivia, Mobilized for War"	1BR	3	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Flying
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may discard a card. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, it gains haste until end of turn, and it becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	248	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Prized Amalgam	1UB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, if it entered from your graveyard or you cast it from your graveyard, return Prized Amalgam from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	249	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Slayer's Plate	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/+2.
Whenever equipped creature dies, if it was a Human, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
Equip {3}"			Shadows over Innistrad	264	rare	Ben Maier		
Eternal Scourge	3	3	Creature ? Eldrazi Horror	"You may cast Eternal Scourge from exile.
When Eternal Scourge becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, exile Eternal Scourge."			Eldritch Moon	7	rare	Winona Nelson		
Collective Effort	1WW	3	Sorcery	"Escalate?Tap an untapped creature you control. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more ?
? Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature target player controls."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	17	rare	Eric Deschamps		
"Thalia, Heretic Cathar"	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Creatures and nonbasic lands your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	46	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Coax from the Blind Eternities	2U	3	Sorcery	"You may choose an Eldrazi card you own from outside the game or in exile, reveal that card, and put it into your hand."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	51	rare	Jaime Jones		
Imprisoned in the Moon	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature, land, or planeswalker
Enchanted permanent is a colorless land with ""{T}: Add {C}"" and loses all other card types and abilities."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	65	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
"Liliana, the Last Hope"	1BB	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Up to one target creature gets -2/-1 until your next turn.
?2: Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard, then you may return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
?7: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of your end step, create X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens, where X is two plus the number of Zombies you control."""	B	B	Eldritch Moon	93	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
Oath of Liliana	2B	3	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Liliana enters the battlefield, each opponent sacrifices a creature.
At the beginning of each end step, if a planeswalker entered the battlefield under your control this turn, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	99	rare	Wesley Burt		
Collective Defiance	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Escalate {1} (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)
Choose one or more ?
? Target player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards.
? Collective Defiance deals 4 damage to target creature.
? Collective Defiance deals 3 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	123	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Harmless Offering	2R	3	Sorcery	Target opponent gains control of target permanent you control.	R	R	Eldritch Moon	131	rare	Howard Lyon		
Nahiri's Wrath	2R	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Nahiri's Wrath deals damage equal to the total converted mana cost of the discarded cards to each of up to X target creatures and/or planeswalkers."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	137	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Stromkirk Occultist	2R	3	Creature ? Vampire Horror	"Trample
Whenever Stromkirk Occultist deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.
Madness {1}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon	146	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Eldritch Evolution	1GG	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost X or less, where X is 2 plus the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost. Put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. Exile Eldritch Evolution."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	155	rare	Jason Rainville		
Emrakul's Evangel	2G	3	Creature ? Human Horror	"{T}, Sacrifice Emrakul's Evangel and any number of other non-Eldrazi creatures: Create a 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature token for each creature sacrificed this way."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	156	rare	Jason Felix		
Spirit of the Hunt	1GG	3	Creature ? Wolf Spirit	"Flash
When Spirit of the Hunt enters the battlefield, each other creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	170	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Spell Queller	1WU	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flash
Flying
When Spell Queller enters the battlefield, exile target spell with converted mana cost 4 or less.
When Spell Queller leaves the battlefield, the exiled card's owner may cast that card without paying its mana cost."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	189	rare	Adam Paquette		
Soul Separator	3	3	Artifact	"{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Soul Separator: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that's a copy of that card, except it's 1/1, it's a Spirit in addition to its other types, and it has flying. Create a black Zombie creature token with power equal to that card's power and toughness equal to that card's toughness."			Eldritch Moon	199	rare	Daarken		
Master Trinketeer	2W	3	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"Servos and Thopters you control get +1/+1.
{3}{W}: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token."	W	W	Kaladesh	21	rare	Matt Stewart		
Lost Legacy	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Choose a nonartifact, nonland card name. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. That player shuffles their library, then draws a card for each card exiled from hand this way."	B	B	Kaladesh	88	rare	Greg Opalinski		
Lathnu Hellion	2R	3	Creature ? Hellion	"Haste
When Lathnu Hellion enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Lathnu Hellion unless you pay {E}{E}."	R	R	Kaladesh	121	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Pia Nalaar	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Pia Nalaar enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
{1}{R}: Target artifact creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{1}, Sacrifice an artifact: Target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	124	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Architect of the Untamed	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Artificer Druid	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E} (an energy counter).
Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}: Create a 6/6 colorless Beast artifact creature token."	G	G	Kaladesh	143	rare	Sara Winters		
"Depala, Pilot Exemplar"	1RW	3	Legendary Creature ? Dwarf Pilot	"Other Dwarves you control get +1/+1.
Each Vehicle you control gets +1/+1 as long as it's a creature.
Whenever Depala, Pilot Exemplar becomes tapped, you may pay {X}. If you do, reveal the top X cards of your library, put all Dwarf and Vehicle cards from among them into your hand, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	Kaladesh	178	rare	Greg Opalinski		
"Kambal, Consul of Allocation"	1WB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, that player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	W	W	Kaladesh	183	rare	Vincent Proce		
Saheeli Rai	1UR	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Saheeli	"+1: Scry 1. Saheeli Rai deals 1 damage to each opponent.
?2: Create a token that's a copy of target artifact or creature you control, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types. That token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.
?7: Search your library for up to three artifact cards with different names, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Kaladesh	186	mythic	Willian Murai		
Cultivator's Caravan	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	203	rare	Mark Zug		
Deadlock Trap	3	3	Artifact	"Deadlock Trap enters the battlefield tapped.
When Deadlock Trap enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}: Tap target creature or planeswalker. Its activated abilities can't be activated this turn."			Kaladesh	204	rare	Jason Rainville		
Dynavolt Tower	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
{T}, Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}: Dynavolt Tower deals 3 damage to any target."			Kaladesh	208	rare	Titus Lunter		
Electrostatic Pummeler	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Electrostatic Pummeler enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}: Electrostatic Pummeler gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power."			Kaladesh	210	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Solemn Recruit	1WW	3	Creature ? Dwarf Warrior	"Double strike
Revolt ? At the beginning of your end step, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Solemn Recruit."	W	W	Aether Revolt	22	rare	Eric Deschamps		
"Yahenni, Undying Partisan"	2B	3	Legendary Creature ? Aetherborn Vampire	"Haste
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Yahenni, Undying Partisan.
Sacrifice another creature: Yahenni gains indestructible until end of turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	74	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Indomitable Creativity	XRRR	3	Sorcery	"Destroy X target artifacts and/or creatures. For each permanent destroyed this way, its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until an artifact or creature card is revealed and exiles that card. Those players put the exiled cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle their libraries."	R	R	Aether Revolt	85	mythic	Deruchenko Alexander		
Kari Zev's Expertise	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Gain control of target creature or Vehicle until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.
You may cast a card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Aether Revolt	88	rare	Jason Rainville		
Pia's Revolution	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return that card to your hand unless target opponent has Pia's Revolution deal 3 damage to them."	R	R	Aether Revolt	91	rare	Clint Cearley		
"Rishkar, Peema Renegade"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Rishkar, Peema Renegade enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.
Each creature you control with a counter on it has ""{T}: Add {G}."""	G	G	Aether Revolt	122	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Aethersphere Harvester	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying
When Aethersphere Harvester enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Pay {E}: Aethersphere Harvester gains lifelink until end of turn.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Aether Revolt	142	rare	Christine Choi		
Inspiring Statuary	3	3	Artifact	Nonartifact spells you cast have improvise. (Your artifacts can help cast those spells. Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)			Aether Revolt	160	rare	Kirsten Zirngibl		
Lifecrafter's Bestiary	3	3	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.
Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay {G}. If you do, draw a card."		G	Aether Revolt	162	rare	Izzy		
Peacewalker Colossus	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"{1}{W}: Another target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"		W	Aether Revolt	170	rare	Vincent Proce		
Scrap Trawler	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Scrap Trawler or another artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return to your hand target artifact card in your graveyard with lesser converted mana cost."			Aether Revolt	175	rare	Daarken		
Aven Mindcensor	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flash
Flying
If an opponent would search a library, that player searches the top four cards of that library instead."	W	W	Amonkhet	5	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Gideon of the Trials	1WW	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"+1: Until your next turn, prevent all damage target permanent would deal.
0: Until end of turn, Gideon of the Trials becomes a 4/4 Human Soldier creature with indestructible that's still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.
0: You get an emblem with ""As long as you control a Gideon planeswalker, you can't lose the game and your opponents can't win the game."""	W	W	Amonkhet	14	mythic	Izzy		
As Foretold	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a time counter on As Foretold.
Once each turn, you may pay {0} rather than pay the mana cost for a spell you cast with converted mana cost X or less, where X is the number of time counters on As Foretold."	U	U	Amonkhet	42	mythic	Tommy Arnold		
Drake Haven	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cycle or discard a card, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying."	U	U	Amonkhet	51	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Kefnet the Mindful	2U	3	Legendary Creature ? God	"Flying, indestructible
Kefnet the Mindful can't attack or block unless you have seven or more cards in hand.
{3}{U}: Draw a card, then you may return a land you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Amonkhet	59	mythic	Chase Stone		
Bontu the Glorified	2B	3	Legendary Creature ? God	"Menace, indestructible
Bontu the Glorified can't attack or block unless a creature died under your control this turn.
{1}{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Scry 1. Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Amonkhet	82	mythic	Chase Stone		
Dispossess	2B	3	Sorcery	"Choose an artifact card name. Search target opponent's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the chosen name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Amonkhet	86	rare	Mark Behm		
Plague Belcher	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"Menace
When Plague Belcher enters the battlefield, put two -1/-1 counters on target creature you control.
Whenever another Zombie you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Amonkhet	104	rare	Izzy		
Combat Celebrant	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"If Combat Celebrant hasn't been exerted this turn, you may exert it as it attacks. When you do, untap all other creatures you control and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	125	mythic	Chris Rallis		
Hazoret's Favor	2R	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may have target creature you control get +2/+0 and gain haste until end of turn. If you do, sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Amonkhet	137	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Sweltering Suns	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Sweltering Suns deals 3 damage to each creature.
Cycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	149	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Harvest Season	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control, and put those cards onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Amonkhet	170	rare	Shreya Shetty		
Prowling Serpopard	1GG	3	Creature ? Cat Snake	"This spell can't be countered.
Creature spells you control can't be countered."	G	G	Amonkhet	180	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Rhonas the Indomitable	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? God	"Deathtouch, indestructible
Rhonas the Indomitable can't attack or block unless you control another creature with power 4 or greater.
{2}{G}: Another target creature gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Amonkhet	182	mythic	Chase Stone		
"Neheb, the Worthy"	1BR	3	Legendary Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"First strike
Other Minotaurs you control have first strike.
As long as you have one or fewer cards in hand, Minotaurs you control get +2/+0.
Whenever Neheb, the Worthy deals combat damage to a player, each player discards a card."	R	R	Amonkhet	203	rare	Chris Rahn		
Oketra's Last Mercy	1WW	3	Sorcery	Your life total becomes equal to your starting life total. Lands you control don't untap during your next untap step.	W	W	Hour of Devastation	18	rare	Howard Lyon		
Solemnity	2W	3	Enchantment	"Players can't get counters.
Counters can't be put on artifacts, creatures, enchantments, or lands."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	22	rare	Greg Opalinski		
Champion of Wits	2U	3	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"When Champion of Wits enters the battlefield, you may draw cards equal to its power. If you do, discard two cards.
Eternalize {5}{U}{U} ({5}{U}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Naga Wizard with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	U	U	Hour of Devastation	31	rare	Even Amundsen		
Fraying Sanity	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of each end step, enchanted player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of cards put into that graveyard from anywhere this turn."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	35	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Hour of Eternity	XXUUU	3	Sorcery	"Exile X target creature cards from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, create a token that's a copy of that card, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	36	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Nimble Obstructionist	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flash
Flying
Cycling {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Nimble Obstructionist, counter target activated or triggered ability you don't control."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	40	rare	Shreya Shetty		
Ammit Eternal	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Crocodile Demon	"Afflict 3 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 3 life.)
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a -1/-1 counter on Ammit Eternal.
Whenever Ammit Eternal deals combat damage to a player, remove all -1/-1 counters from it."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	57	rare	Mike Bierek		
Bontu's Last Reckoning	1BB	3	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures. Lands you control don't untap during your next untap step.	B	B	Hour of Devastation	60	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Dreamstealer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Menace
Whenever Dreamstealer deals combat damage to a player, that player discards that many cards.
Eternalize {4}{B}{B} ({4}{B}{B}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a 4/4 black Zombie Human Wizard with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	63	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Imminent Doom	2R	3	Enchantment	"Imminent Doom enters the battlefield with a doom counter on it.
Whenever you cast a spell with converted mana cost equal to the number of doom counters on Imminent Doom, Imminent Doom deals that much damage to any target. Then put a doom counter on Imminent Doom."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	98	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Pride Sovereign	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"Pride Sovereign gets +1/+1 for each other Cat you control.
{W}, {T}, Exert Pride Sovereign: Create two 1/1 white Cat creature tokens with lifelink. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	W	Hour of Devastation	126	rare	Ryan Yee		
Ramunap Excavator	2G	3	Creature ? Naga Cleric	You may play land cards from your graveyard.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	129	rare	Mark Behm		
Abandoned Sarcophagus	3	3	Artifact	"You may cast nonland cards with cycling from your graveyard.
If a card with cycling would be put into your graveyard from anywhere and it wasn't cycled, exile it instead."			Hour of Devastation	158	rare	Daarken		
Mirage Mirror	3	3	Artifact	"{2}: Mirage Mirror becomes a copy of target artifact, creature, enchantment, or land until end of turn."			Hour of Devastation	165	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Citadel Siege	2WW	4	Enchantment	"As Citadel Siege enters the battlefield, choose Khans or Dragons.
? Khans ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.
? Dragons ? At the beginning of combat on each opponent's turn, tap target creature that player controls."	W	W	Fate Reforged	8	rare	Steven Belledin		
Daghatar the Adamant	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Vigilance
Daghatar the Adamant enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}{B/G}{B/G}: Move a +1/+1 counter from target creature onto a second target creature."	W	W	Fate Reforged	9	rare	Zack Stella		
Dragonscale General	3W	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"At the beginning of your end step, bolster X, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put X +1/+1 counters on it.)"	W	W	Fate Reforged	11	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Sage's Reverie	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Sage's Reverie enters the battlefield, draw a card for each Aura you control that's attached to a creature.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Aura you control that's attached to a creature."	W	W	Fate Reforged	23	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Mistfire Adept	3U	4	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Fate Reforged	42	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Brutal Hordechief	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
{3}{R/W}{R/W}: Creatures your opponents control block this turn if able, and you choose how those creatures block."	B	W	Fate Reforged	64	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Orc Sureshot	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Archer	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Fate Reforged	78	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Bloodfire Enforcers	3R	4	Creature ? Human Monk	Bloodfire Enforcers has first strike and trample as long as an instant card and a sorcery card are in your graveyard.	R	R	Fate Reforged	93	uncommon	Yefim Kligerman		
Outpost Siege	3R	4	Enchantment	"As Outpost Siege enters the battlefield, choose Khans or Dragons.
? Khans ? At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.
? Dragons ? Whenever a creature you control leaves the battlefield, Outpost Siege deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Fate Reforged	110	rare	Daarken		
Rageform	2RR	4	Enchantment	"When Rageform enters the battlefield, it becomes an Aura with enchant creature. Manifest the top card of your library and attach Rageform to it. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)
Enchanted creature has double strike. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	112	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Shaman of the Great Hunt	3R	4	Creature ? Orc Shaman	"Haste
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Ferocious ? {2}{G/U}{G/U}: Draw a card for each creature you control with power 4 or greater."	R	U	Fate Reforged	113	mythic	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Vaultbreaker	3R	4	Creature ? Orc Rogue	"Whenever Vaultbreaker attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
Dash {2}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	117	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Abzan Kin-Guard	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	Abzan Kin-Guard has lifelink as long as you control a white or black permanent.	G	G	Fate Reforged	120	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Frontier Siege	3G	4	Enchantment	"As Frontier Siege enters the battlefield, choose Khans or Dragons.
? Khans ? At the beginning of each of your main phases, add {G}{G}.
? Dragons ? Whenever a creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it fight target creature you don't control."	G	G	Fate Reforged	131	rare	James Ryman		
Fruit of the First Tree	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, you gain X life and draw X cards, where X is its toughness."	G	G	Fate Reforged	132	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Temur Sabertooth	2GG	4	Creature ? Cat	"{1}{G}: You may return another creature you control to its owner's hand. If you do, Temur Sabertooth gains indestructible until end of turn."	G	G	Fate Reforged	141	uncommon	Mike Sass		
Goblin Boom Keg	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Goblin Boom Keg.
When Goblin Boom Keg is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target."			Fate Reforged	159	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Ugin's Construct	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Ugin's Construct enters the battlefield, sacrifice a permanent that's one or more colors."			Fate Reforged	164	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Great Teacher's Decree	3W	4	Sorcery	"Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	21	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Ojutai Exemplars	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Monk	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, choose one ?
? Tap target creature.
? Ojutai Exemplars gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn.
? Exile Ojutai Exemplars, then return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	27	mythic	Willian Murai		
Living Lore	3U	4	Creature ? Avatar	"As Living Lore enters the battlefield, exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard.
Living Lore's power and toughness are each equal to the exiled card's converted mana cost.
Whenever Living Lore deals combat damage, you may sacrifice it. If you do, you may cast the exiled card without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	61	rare	Jason Felix		
Profaner of the Dead	3U	4	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Profaner of the Dead exploits a creature, return to their owners' hands all creatures your opponents control with toughness less than the exploited creature's toughness."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	70	rare	Vincent Proce		
Sight Beyond Sight	3U	4	Sorcery	"Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	75	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Skywise Teachings	3U	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay {1}{U}. If you do, create a 2/2 blue Djinn Monk creature token with flying."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	79	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Youthful Scholar	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Youthful Scholar dies, draw two cards."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	84	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Risen Executioner	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Risen Executioner can't block.
Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.
You may cast Risen Executioner from your graveyard if you pay {1} more to cast it for each other creature card in your graveyard."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	116	mythic	Craig J Spearing		
Ukud Cobra	3B	4	Creature ? Snake	Deathtouch	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	123	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Thunderbreak Regent	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a Dragon you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, Thunderbreak Regent deals 3 damage to that player."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	162	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Warbringer	3R	4	Creature ? Orc Berserker	"Dash costs you pay cost {2} less (as long as this creature is on the battlefield).
Dash {2}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	168	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Circle of Elders	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Vigilance
Formidable ? {T}: Add {C}{C}{C}. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	176	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Salt Road Ambushers	3G	4	Creature ? Hound Warrior	"Whenever another permanent you control is turned face up, if it's a creature, put two +1/+1 counters on it.
Megamorph {3}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	198	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Sunbringer's Touch	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Bolster X, where X is the number of cards in your hand. Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it gains trample until end of turn. (To bolster X, choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put X +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	209	rare	Lucas Graciano		
"Surrak, the Hunt Caller"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Formidable ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater, target creature you control gains haste until end of turn."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	210	rare	Wesley Burt		
Narset Transcendent	2WU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Narset	"+1: Look at the top card of your library. If it's a noncreature, nonland card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand.
?2: When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell from your hand this turn, it gains rebound. (Exile the spell as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast that card from exile without paying its mana cost.)
?9: You get an emblem with ""Your opponents can't cast noncreature spells."""	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	225	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Dragonloft Idol	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"As long as you control a Dragon, Dragonloft Idol gets +1/+1 and has flying and trample."			Dragons of Tarkir	237	uncommon	Jung Park		
Tapestry of the Ages	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you've cast a noncreature spell this turn."			Dragons of Tarkir	246	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
"Gideon, Ally of Zendikar"	2WW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"+1: Until end of turn, Gideon, Ally of Zendikar becomes a 5/5 Human Soldier Ally creature with indestructible that's still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.
0: Create a 2/2 white Knight Ally creature token.
?4: You get an emblem with ""Creatures you control get +1/+1."""	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	29	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Retreat to Emeria	3W	4	Enchantment	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one ?
? Create a 1/1 white Kor Ally creature token.
? Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	44	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Unified Front	3W	4	Sorcery	Converge ? Create a 1/1 white Kor Ally creature token for each color of mana spent to cast Unified Front.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	53	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Cryptic Cruiser	3U	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{2}{U}, Put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard: Tap target creature."		U	Battle for Zendikar	56	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Coastal Discovery	3U	4	Sorcery	"Draw two cards.
Awaken 4?{5}{U} (If you cast this spell for {5}{U}, also put four +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	73	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Dampening Pulse	3U	4	Enchantment	Creatures your opponents control get -1/-0.	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	75	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Skitterskin	3B	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Skitterskin can't block.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Skitterskin. Activate this ability only if you control another colorless creature."		B	Battle for Zendikar	97	uncommon	Michael Komarck		
Smothering Abomination	2BB	4	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature.
Whenever you sacrifice a creature, draw a card."		B	Battle for Zendikar	99	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Bloodbond Vampire	2BB	4	Creature ? Vampire Shaman Ally	"Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodbond Vampire."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	104	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Rising Miasma	3B	4	Sorcery	"All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.
Awaken 3?{5}{B}{B} (If you cast this spell for {5}{B}{B}, also put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control and it becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.)"	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	122	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Crumble to Dust	3R	4	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Exile target nonbasic land. Search its controller's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as that land and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."		R	Battle for Zendikar	128	uncommon	James Paick		
Akoum Firebird	2RR	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying, haste
Akoum Firebird attacks each combat if able.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {4}{R}{R}. If you do, return Akoum Firebird from your graveyard to the battlefield."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	138	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Chasm Guide	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Scout Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Chasm Guide or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	143	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
"Zada, Hedron Grinder"	3R	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Ally	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets only Zada, Hedron Grinder, copy that spell for each other creature you control that the spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of those creatures."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	162	rare	Chris Rallis		
From Beyond	3G	4	Enchantment	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}.""
{1}{G}, Sacrifice From Beyond: Search your library for an Eldrazi card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."		G	Battle for Zendikar	167	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Murasa Ranger	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {3}{G}. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Murasa Ranger."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	178	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Woodland Wanderer	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Vigilance, trample
Converge ? Woodland Wanderer enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	198	rare	Vincent Proce		
Dust Stalker	2BR	4	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Haste
At the beginning of each end step, if you control no other colorless creatures, return Dust Stalker to its owner's hand."		R	Battle for Zendikar	202	rare	Clint Cearley		
Ulamog's Nullifier	2UB	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flash
Flying
When Ulamog's Nullifier enters the battlefield, you may put two cards your opponents own from exile into their owners' graveyards. If you do, counter target spell."		U	Battle for Zendikar	207	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Grove Rumbler	2RG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Grove Rumbler gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	211	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Grovetender Druids	2GW	4	Creature ? Elf Druid Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Grovetender Druids or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a 1/1 green Plant creature token."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	212	uncommon	Chase Stone		
"Kiora, Master of the Depths"	2GU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kiora	"+1: Untap up to one target creature and up to one target land.
?2: Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a creature card and/or a land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it fight target creature."" Then create three 8/8 blue Octopus creature tokens."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	213	mythic	Jason Chan		
"Munda, Ambush Leader"	2RW	4	Legendary Creature ? Kor Ally	"Haste
Rally ? Whenever Munda, Ambush Leader or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, you may look at the top four cards of your library. If you do, reveal any number of Ally cards from among them, then put those cards on top of your library in any order and the rest on the bottom in any order."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	215	rare	Johannes Voss		
Aligned Hedron Network	4	4	Artifact	"When Aligned Hedron Network enters the battlefield, exile all creatures with power 5 or greater until Aligned Hedron Network leaves the battlefield. (Those creatures return under their owners' control.)"			Battle for Zendikar	222	rare	Richard Wright		
Hedron Archive	4	4	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}{C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Hedron Archive: Draw two cards."			Battle for Zendikar	223	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Thought-Knot Seer	3C	4	Creature ? Eldrazi	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
When Thought-Knot Seer enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.
When Thought-Knot Seer leaves the battlefield, target opponent draws a card."			Oath of the Gatewatch	9	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Allied Reinforcements	3W	4	Sorcery	Create two 2/2 white Knight Ally creature tokens.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	15	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Iona's Blessing	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has vigilance, and can block an additional creature each combat."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	21	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Relief Captain	2WW	4	Creature ? Kor Knight Ally	"When Relief Captain enters the battlefield, support 3. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to three other target creatures.)"	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	32	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Thought Harvester	3U	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, target opponent exiles the top card of their library."		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	48	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Havoc Sower	3B	4	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{1}{C}: Havoc Sower gets +2/+1 until end of turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	71	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Inverter of Truth	2BB	4	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
When Inverter of Truth enters the battlefield, exile all cards from your library face down, then shuffle all cards from your graveyard into your library."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	72	mythic	Chase Stone		
Sifter of Skulls	3B	4	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."" ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	77	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Drana's Chosen	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Shaman Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	84	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
"Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Lifelink
If a nontoken creature an opponent controls would die, instead exile that card and create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
{2}{B}, Sacrifice another Vampire or Zombie: Put two +1/+1 counters on Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	86	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Null Caller	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"{3}{B}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	88	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Embodiment of Fury	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Land creatures you control have trample.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target land you control become a 3/3 Elemental creature with haste until end of turn. It's still a land."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	107	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Pyromancer's Assault	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, Pyromancer's Assault deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	115	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Harvester Troll	3G	4	Creature ? Troll	"When Harvester Troll enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature or land. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Harvester Troll."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	133	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Seed Guardian	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Reach
When Seed Guardian dies, create an X/X green Elemental creature token, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	143	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Cliffhaven Vampire	2WB	4	Creature ? Vampire Warrior Ally	"Flying
Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses 1 life."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	153	uncommon	David Gaillet		
"Mina and Denn, Wildborn"	2RG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Ally	"You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
{R}{G}, Return a land you control to its owner's hand: Target creature gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	156	rare	Izzy		
Nearheath Chaplain	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Lifelink
{2}{W}, Exile Nearheath Chaplain from your graveyard: Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	29	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
"Odric, Lunarch Marshal"	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"At the beginning of each combat, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn if a creature you control has first strike. The same is true for flying, deathtouch, double strike, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, skulk, trample, and vigilance."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	31	rare	Chase Stone		
Drunau Corpse Trawler	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Drunau Corpse Trawler enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
{2}{B}: Target Zombie gains deathtouch until end of turn."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	57	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Forgotten Creation	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may discard all the cards in your hand. If you do, draw that many cards."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	63	rare	Izzy		
Stitchwing Skaab	3U	4	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Flying
{1}{U}, Discard two cards: Return Stitchwing Skaab from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	90	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Welcome to the Fold	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Madness {X}{U}{U} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)
Gain control of target creature if its toughness is 2 or less. If Welcome to the Fold's madness cost was paid, instead gain control of that creature if its toughness is X or less."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	96	rare	David Palumbo		
Biting Rain	2BB	4	Sorcery	"All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.
Madness {2}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	102	uncommon	John Stanko		
Creeping Dread	3B	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each player discards a card. Each opponent who discarded a card that shares a card type with the card you discarded loses 3 life. (Players reveal the discarded cards simultaneously.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	104	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Gisa's Bidding	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.
Madness {2}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	114	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Mindwrack Demon	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
When Mindwrack Demon enters the battlefield, put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard.
Delirium ? At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 4 life unless there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	124	mythic	Matt Stewart		
Triskaidekaphobia	3B	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one ?
? Each player with exactly 13 life loses the game, then each player gains 1 life.
? Each player with exactly 13 life loses the game, then each player loses 1 life."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	141	rare	Willian Murai		
Goldnight Castigator	2RR	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, haste
If a source would deal damage to you, it deals double that damage to you instead.
If a source would deal damage to Goldnight Castigator, it deals double that damage to Goldnight Castigator instead."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	162	mythic	Zack Stella		
Malevolent Whispers	3R	4	Sorcery	"Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.
Madness {3}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	173	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Spiteful Motives	3R	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and has first strike."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	183	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Briarbridge Patrol	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Briarbridge Patrol deals damage to one or more creatures, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
At the beginning of each end step, if you sacrificed three or more Clues this turn, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	195	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Pack Guardian	2GG	4	Creature ? Wolf Spirit	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Pack Guardian enters the battlefield, you may discard a land card. If you do, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	221	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Soul Swallower	2GG	4	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
Delirium ? At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, put three +1/+1 counters on Soul Swallower."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	230	rare	Marco Nelor		
Altered Ego	X2GU	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"This spell can't be countered.
You may have Altered Ego enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it enters with X additional +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	241	rare	Kev Walker		
"Nahiri, the Harbinger"	2RW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nahiri	"+2: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
?2: Exile target enchantment, tapped artifact, or tapped creature.
?8: Search your library for an artifact or creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. It gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	247	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Murderer's Axe	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip?Discard a card."			Shadows over Innistrad	259	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Runaway Carriage	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Trample
When Runaway Carriage attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat."			Shadows over Innistrad	261	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Courageous Outrider	3W	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Courageous Outrider enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a Human card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	18	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Faith Unbroken	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
When Faith Unbroken enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Faith Unbroken leaves the battlefield.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	24	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Sanctifier of Souls	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Sanctifier of Souls gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{2}{W}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	39	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Identity Thief	2UU	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Whenever Identity Thief attacks, you may exile another target nontoken creature. If you do, Identity Thief becomes a copy of that creature until end of turn. Return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	64	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Niblis of Frost	2UU	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	72	rare	Josu Hernaiz		
Haunted Dead	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Haunted Dead enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
{1}{B}, Discard two cards: Return Haunted Dead from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	92	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Tree of Perdition	3B	4	Creature ? Plant	"Defender
{T}: Exchange target opponent's life total with Tree of Perdition's toughness."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	109	mythic	Jung Park		
Blood Mist	3R	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains double strike until end of turn."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	119	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Impetuous Devils	2RR	4	Creature ? Devil	"Trample, haste
When Impetuous Devils attacks, up to one target creature defending player controls blocks it this combat if able.
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Impetuous Devils."	R	R	Eldritch Moon	132	rare	Filip Burburan		
Insatiable Gorgers	2RR	4	Creature ? Vampire Berserker	"Insatiable Gorgers attacks each combat if able.
Madness {3}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon	134	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Emrakul's Influence	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an Eldrazi creature spell with converted mana cost 7 or greater, draw two cards."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	157	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Splendid Reclamation	3G	4	Sorcery	Return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	G	G	Eldritch Moon	171	rare	Wesley Burt		
Bloodhall Priest	2BR	4	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"Whenever Bloodhall Priest enters the battlefield or attacks, if you have no cards in hand, Bloodhall Priest deals 2 damage to any target.
Madness {1}{B}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon	181	rare	Mark Winters		
Gisa and Geralf	2UB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Gisa and Geralf enters the battlefield, put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard.
During each of your turns, you may cast a Zombie creature card from your graveyard."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	183	mythic	Karla Ortiz		
Heron's Grace Champion	2GW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flash
Lifelink
When Heron's Grace Champion enters the battlefield, other Humans you control get +1/+1 and gain lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Eldritch Moon	185	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Mercurial Geists	2UR	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Mercurial Geists gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Eldritch Moon	186	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
"Tamiyo, Field Researcher"	1GWU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tamiyo	"+1: Choose up to two target creatures. Until your next turn, whenever either of those creatures deals combat damage, you draw a card.
?2: Tap up to two target nonland permanents. They don't untap during their controller's next untap step.
?7: Draw three cards. You get an emblem with ""You may cast spells from your hand without paying their mana costs."""	W	W	Eldritch Moon	190	mythic	Tianhua X		
Geist-Fueled Scarecrow	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	Creature spells you cast cost {1} more to cast.			Eldritch Moon	196	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Aetherstorm Roc	2WW	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Aetherstorm Roc or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E} (an energy counter).
Whenever Aetherstorm Roc attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it and tap up to one target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Kaladesh	3	rare	Scott Murphy		
Captured by the Consulate	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you don't control
Enchanted creature can't attack.
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if it has a single target, change the target to enchanted creature if able."	W	W	Kaladesh	8	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Consulate Surveillance	3W	4	Enchantment	"When Consulate Surveillance enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E}{E} (four energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by a source of your choice."	W	W	Kaladesh	10	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Consul's Shieldguard	3W	4	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	"When Consul's Shieldguard enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Consul's Shieldguard attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, another target attacking creature gains indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Kaladesh	11	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Refurbish	3W	4	Sorcery	Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Kaladesh	25	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Visionary Augmenter	2WW	4	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)"	W	W	Kaladesh	34	uncommon	James Paick		
Long-Finned Skywhale	2UU	4	Creature ? Whale	"Flying
Long-Finned Skywhale can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Kaladesh	54	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
"Padeem, Consul of Innovation"	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	"Artifacts you control have hexproof.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control the artifact with the highest converted mana cost or tied for the highest converted mana cost, draw a card."	U	U	Kaladesh	59	rare	Matt Stewart		
Aetherborn Marauder	3B	4	Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	"Flying, lifelink
When Aetherborn Marauder enters the battlefield, move any number of +1/+1 counters from other permanents you control onto Aetherborn Marauder."	B	B	Kaladesh	71	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
"Gonti, Lord of Luxury"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	"Deathtouch
When Gonti, Lord of Luxury enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of target opponent's library, exile one of them face down, then put the rest on the bottom of that library in a random order. You may look at and cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell."	B	B	Kaladesh	84	rare	Daarken		
Midnight Oil	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Midnight Oil enters the battlefield with seven hour counters on it.
At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card and remove two hour counters from Midnight Oil.
Your maximum hand size is equal to the number of hour counters on Midnight Oil.
Whenever you discard a card, you lose 1 life."	B	B	Kaladesh	92	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Ovalchase Daredevil	3B	4	Creature ? Human Pilot	"Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Ovalchase Daredevil from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Kaladesh	97	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
"Chandra, Torch of Defiance"	2RR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Exile the top card of your library. You may cast that card. If you don't, Chandra, Torch of Defiance deals 2 damage to each opponent.
+1: Add {R}{R}.
?3: Chandra, Torch of Defiance deals 4 damage to target creature.
?7: You get an emblem with ""Whenever you cast a spell, this emblem deals 5 damage to any target."""	R	R	Kaladesh	110	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Furious Reprisal	3R	4	Sorcery	Furious Reprisal deals 2 damage to each of two targets.	R	R	Kaladesh	115	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Madcap Experiment	3R	4	Sorcery	Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal an artifact card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. Madcap Experiment deals damage to you equal to the number of cards revealed this way.	R	R	Kaladesh	122	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Maulfist Doorbuster	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Maulfist Doorbuster enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Maulfist Doorbuster attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	123	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Skyship Stalker	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Skyship Stalker gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{R}: Skyship Stalker gains first strike until end of turn.
{R}: Skyship Stalker gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	130	rare	Chris Rahn		
Start Your Engines	3R	4	Sorcery	Vehicles you control become artifact creatures until end of turn. Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Kaladesh	135	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Territorial Gorger	3R	4	Creature ? Gremlin	"Trample
Whenever you get one or more {E} (energy counters), Territorial Gorger gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Kaladesh	136	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Armorcraft Judge	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Artificer	"When Armorcraft Judge enters the battlefield, draw a card for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Kaladesh	144	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Bristling Hydra	2GG	4	Creature ? Hydra	"When Bristling Hydra enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E}{E} (three energy counters).
Pay {E}{E}{E}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Bristling Hydra. It gains hexproof until end of turn."	G	G	Kaladesh	147	rare	Chris Rahn		
Dubious Challenge	3G	4	Sorcery	"Look at the top ten cards of your library, exile up to two creature cards from among them, then shuffle your library. Target opponent may choose one of the exiled cards and put it onto the battlefield under their control. Put the rest onto the battlefield under your control."	G	G	Kaladesh	152	rare	Scott Murphy		
Dovin Baan	2WU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Dovin	"+1: Until your next turn, up to one target creature gets -3/-0 and its activated abilities can't be activated.
?1: You gain 2 life and draw a card.
?7: You get an emblem with ""Your opponents can't untap more than two permanents during their untap steps."""	W	W	Kaladesh	179	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Hazardous Conditions	2BG	4	Sorcery	Creatures with no counters on them get -2/-2 until end of turn.	G	G	Kaladesh	182	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
"Rashmi, Eternities Crafter"	2GU	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a nonland card with converted mana cost less than that spell's, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. If you don't cast the revealed card, put it into your hand."	U	U	Kaladesh	184	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Restoration Gearsmith	2WB	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Restoration Gearsmith enters the battlefield, return target artifact or creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Kaladesh	185	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Aetherflux Reservoir	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a spell, you gain 1 life for each spell you've cast this turn.
Pay 50 life: Aetherflux Reservoir deals 50 damage to any target."			Kaladesh	192	rare	Cliff Childs		
Aetherworks Marvel	4	4	Legendary Artifact	"Whenever a permanent you control is put into a graveyard, you get {E} (an energy counter).
{T}, Pay {E}{E}{E}{E}{E}{E}: Look at the top six cards of your library. You may cast a card from among them without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."			Kaladesh	193	mythic	James Paick		
Bomat Bazaar Barge	4	4	Artifact ? Vehicle	"When Bomat Bazaar Barge enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	198	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Fleetwheel Cruiser	4	4	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Trample, haste
When Fleetwheel Cruiser enters the battlefield, it becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	214	rare	Sung Choi		
Ghirapur Orrery	4	4	Artifact	"Each player may play an additional land on each of their turns.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, that player draws three cards."			Kaladesh	216	rare	Kirsten Zirngibl		
Iron League Steed	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Haste
Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)"			Kaladesh	219	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Ovalchase Dragster	4	4	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Trample, haste
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Kaladesh	225	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Panharmonicon	4	4	Artifact	"If an artifact or creature entering the battlefield causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time."			Kaladesh	226	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Snare Thopter	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying, haste"			Kaladesh	236	uncommon	John Avon		
Guardian of the Great Conduit	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
As long as you control a Nissa planeswalker, Guardian of the Great Conduit gets +2/+0 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)"	G	G	Kaladesh	271	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Verdant Crescendo	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Search your library and graveyard for a card named Nissa, Nature's Artisan, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Kaladesh	273	rare	Zack Stella		
Aeronaut Admiral	3W	4	Creature ? Human Pilot	"Flying
Vehicles you control have flying."	W	W	Aether Revolt	2	uncommon	E. M. Gist		
Felidar Guardian	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Beast	"When Felidar Guardian enters the battlefield, you may exile another target permanent you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Aether Revolt	19	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Sram's Expertise	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Create three 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.
You may cast a card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost."	W	W	Aether Revolt	24	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Efficient Construction	3U	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."	U	U	Aether Revolt	33	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Mechanized Production	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact you control
At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that's a copy of enchanted artifact. Then if you control eight or more artifacts with the same name as one another, you win the game."	U	U	Aether Revolt	38	mythic	Adam Paquette		
Quicksmith Spy	3U	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Quicksmith Spy enters the battlefield, target artifact you control gains ""{T}: Draw a card"" for as long as you control Quicksmith Spy."	U	U	Aether Revolt	41	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Foundry Hornet	3B	4	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
When Foundry Hornet enters the battlefield, if you control a creature with a +1/+1 counter on it, creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Aether Revolt	59	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Midnight Entourage	2BB	4	Creature ? Aetherborn Rogue	"Other Aetherborn you control get +1/+1.
Whenever Midnight Entourage or another Aetherborn you control dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Aether Revolt	66	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Yahenni's Expertise	2BB	4	Sorcery	"All creatures get -3/-3 until end of turn.
You may cast a card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost."	B	B	Aether Revolt	75	rare	Daarken		
Gremlin Infestation	3R	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
At the beginning of your end step, Gremlin Infestation deals 2 damage to enchanted artifact's controller.
When enchanted artifact is put into a graveyard, create a 2/2 red Gremlin creature token."	R	R	Aether Revolt	83	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Quicksmith Rebel	3R	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Quicksmith Rebel enters the battlefield, target artifact you control gains ""{T}: This artifact deals 2 damage to any target"" for as long as you control Quicksmith Rebel."	R	R	Aether Revolt	93	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Scrapper Champion	3R	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)
When Scrapper Champion enters the battlefield, you get {E}{E} (two energy counters).
Whenever Scrapper Champion attacks, you may pay {E}{E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Aether Revolt	97	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Peema Aether-Seer	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Peema Aether-Seer enters the battlefield, you get an amount of {E} (energy counters) equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.
Pay {E}{E}{E}: Target creature blocks this turn if able."	G	G	Aether Revolt	119	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Outland Boar	2RG	4	Creature ? Boar	Outland Boar can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	R	R	Aether Revolt	132	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Spire Patrol	2WU	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying
When Spire Patrol enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	W	W	Aether Revolt	136	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Tezzeret the Schemer	2UB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"+1: Create a colorless artifact token named Etherium Cell with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.""
?2: Target creature gets +X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of artifacts you control.
?7: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of combat on your turn, target artifact you control becomes an artifact creature with base power and toughness 5/5."""	U	U	Aether Revolt	137	mythic	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Crackdown Construct	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever you activate an ability of an artifact or creature that isn't a mana ability, Crackdown Construct gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Aether Revolt	148	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Treasure Keeper	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Treasure Keeper dies, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card with converted mana cost 3 or less. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Put all revealed cards not cast this way on the bottom of your library in a random order."			Aether Revolt	177	uncommon	James Paick		
Untethered Express	4	4	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Trample
Whenever Untethered Express attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Aether Revolt	179	uncommon	James Ryman		
Ajani's Aid	2GW	4	Enchantment	"When Ajani's Aid enters the battlefield, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Ajani, Valiant Protector, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it.
Sacrifice Ajani's Aid: Prevent all combat damage a creature of your choice would deal this turn."	W	W	Aether Revolt	188	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Anointed Procession	3W	4	Enchantment	"If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead."	W	W	Amonkhet	2	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Cast Out	3W	4	Enchantment	"Flash
When Cast Out enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Cast Out leaves the battlefield.
Cycling {W} ({W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	8	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Gideon's Intervention	2WW	4	Enchantment	"As Gideon's Intervention enters the battlefield, choose a card name.
Your opponents can't cast spells with the chosen name.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and permanents you control by sources with the chosen name."	W	W	Amonkhet	15	rare	Daarken		
Oketra the True	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? God	"Double strike, indestructible
Oketra the True can't attack or block unless you control at least three other creatures.
{3}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Amonkhet	21	mythic	Chase Stone		
Curator of Mysteries	2UU	4	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever you cycle or discard another card, scry 1.
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	U	U	Amonkhet	49	rare	Christine Choi		
Sacred Excavation	3U	4	Sorcery	Return up to two target cards with cycling from your graveyard to your hand.	U	U	Amonkhet	67	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Trial of Knowledge	3U	4	Enchantment	"When Trial of Knowledge enters the battlefield, draw three cards, then discard a card.
When a Cartouche enters the battlefield under your control, return Trial of Knowledge to its owner's hand."	U	U	Amonkhet	73	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Vizier of Many Faces	2UU	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter Cleric	"You may have Vizier of Many Faces enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except if Vizier of Many Faces was embalmed, the token has no mana cost, it's white, and it's a Zombie in addition to its other types.
Embalm {3}{U}{U}"	U	U	Amonkhet	74	rare	Ryan Yee		
Zenith Seeker	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cycle or discard a card, target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Amonkhet	77	uncommon	Jason Kang		
Bone Picker	3B	4	Creature ? Bird	"This spell costs {3} less to cast if a creature died this turn.
Flying, deathtouch"	B	B	Amonkhet	81	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Grim Strider	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	Grim Strider gets -1/-1 for each card in your hand.	B	B	Amonkhet	94	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Hazoret the Fervent	3R	4	Legendary Creature ? God	"Indestructible, haste
Hazoret the Fervent can't attack or block unless you have one or fewer cards in hand.
{2}{R}, Discard a card: Hazoret deals 2 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Amonkhet	136	mythic	Chase Stone		
Heart-Piercer Manticore	2RR	4	Creature ? Manticore	"When Heart-Piercer Manticore enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature. When you do, Heart-Piercer Manticore deals damage equal to that creature's power to any target.
Embalm {5}{R} ({5}{R}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Manticore with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	138	rare	Scott Murphy		
Limits of Solidarity	3R	4	Sorcery	"Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Amonkhet	140	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Warfire Javelineer	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"When Warfire Javelineer enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to target creature an opponent controls, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard."	R	R	Amonkhet	155	uncommon	Yohann Schepacz		
Champion of Rhonas	3G	4	Creature ? Jackal Warrior	"You may exert Champion of Rhonas as it attacks. When you do, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	G	G	Amonkhet	159	rare	Winona Nelson		
Crocodile of the Crossing	3G	4	Creature ? Crocodile	"Haste
When Crocodile of the Crossing enters the battlefield, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature you control."	G	G	Amonkhet	162	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Vizier of the Menagerie	3G	4	Creature ? Naga Cleric	"You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may cast the top card of your library if it's a creature card.
You may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast creature spells."	G	G	Amonkhet	192	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Ahn-Crop Champion	2GW	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"You may exert Ahn-Crop Champion as it attacks. When you do, untap all other creatures you control. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	194	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Aven Wind Guide	2WU	4	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying, vigilance
Creature tokens you control have flying and vigilance.
Embalm {4}{W}{U} ({4}{W}{U}, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that's a copy of it, except it's a white Zombie Bird Warrior with no mana cost. Embalm only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Amonkhet	195	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Bounty of the Luxa	2GU	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your precombat main phase, remove all flood counters from Bounty of the Luxa. If no counters were removed this way, put a flood counter on Bounty of the Luxa and draw a card. Otherwise, add {C}{G}{U}."	U	U	Amonkhet	196	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Merciless Javelineer	2BR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"{2}, Discard a card: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. That creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Amonkhet	202	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Oracle's Vault	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card. Put a brick counter on Oracle's Vault.
{T}: Exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost. Activate this ability only if there are three or more brick counters on Oracle's Vault."			Amonkhet	234	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Angel of Condemnation	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
{2}{W}, {T}: Exile another target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.
{2}{W}, {T}, Exert Angel of Condemnation: Exile another target creature until Angel of Condemnation leaves the battlefield. (An exerted creature won't untap during your next untap step.)"	W	W	Hour of Devastation	3	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Vizier of the True	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"You may exert Vizier of the True as it attacks. (It won't untap during your next untap step.)
Whenever you exert a creature, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Hour of Devastation	28	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Kefnet's Last Word	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Gain control of target artifact, creature, or enchantment. Lands you control don't untap during your next untap step."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	39	rare	Clint Cearley		
Vizier of the Anointed	3U	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Vizier of the Anointed enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a creature card with eternalize or embalm, put that card into your graveyard, then shuffle your library.
Whenever you activate an eternalize or embalm ability, draw a card."	U	U	Hour of Devastation	55	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Accursed Horde	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"{1}{B}: Target attacking Zombie gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it. If its toughness is 0 or less, it's still put into its owner's graveyard.)"	B	B	Hour of Devastation	56	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Torment of Scarabs	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, that player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card."	B	B	Hour of Devastation	78	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Magmaroth	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -1/-1 counter on Magmaroth.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, remove a -1/-1 counter from Magmaroth."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	102	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Sand Strangler	3R	4	Creature ? Beast	"When Sand Strangler enters the battlefield, if you control a Desert or there is a Desert card in your graveyard, you may have Sand Strangler deal 3 damage to target creature."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	107	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Wildfire Eternal	3R	4	Creature ? Zombie Jackal Cleric	"Afflict 4 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 4 life.)
Whenever Wildfire Eternal attacks and isn't blocked, you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your hand without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	109	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Ramunap Hydra	3G	4	Creature ? Snake Hydra	"Vigilance, reach, trample
Ramunap Hydra gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Desert.
Ramunap Hydra gets +1/+1 as long as there is a Desert card in your graveyard."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	130	rare	Mike Burns		
Tenacious Hunter	2GG	4	Creature ? Crocodile	"As long as a creature has a -1/-1 counter on it, Tenacious Hunter has vigilance and deathtouch."	G	G	Hour of Devastation	136	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
"Samut, the Tested"	2RG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Samut	"+1: Up to one target creature gains double strike until end of turn.
?2: Samut, the Tested deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets.
?7: Search your library for up to two creature and/or planeswalker cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	144	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Visage of Bolas	4	4	Artifact	"When Visage of Bolas enters the battlefield, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Nicol Bolas, the Deceiver, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it.
{T}: Add {U}, {B}, or {R}."		U	Hour of Devastation	208	rare	Titus Lunter		
Elite Scaleguard	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Elite Scaleguard enters the battlefield, bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it attacks, tap target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Fate Reforged	12	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Mardu Woe-Reaper	W	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Mardu Woe-Reaper or another Warrior enters the battlefield under your control, you may exile target creature card from a graveyard. If you do, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Fate Reforged	18	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Wardscale Dragon	4WW	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
As long as Wardscale Dragon is attacking, defending player can't cast spells."	W	W	Fate Reforged	30	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Frost Walker	1U	2	Creature ? Elemental	"When Frost Walker becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Fate Reforged	35	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Fearsome Awakening	4B	5	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it's a Dragon, put two +1/+1 counters on it."	B	B	Fate Reforged	69	uncommon	Vronique Meignaud		
Grave Strength	1B	2	Sorcery	"Choose target creature. Put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard, then put a +1/+1 counter on that creature for each creature card in your graveyard."	B	B	Fate Reforged	71	uncommon	Jeff Simpson		
Mardu Shadowspear	B	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Mardu Shadowspear attacks, each opponent loses 1 life.
Dash {1}{B} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	74	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Qarsi High Priest	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice another creature: Manifest the top card of your library. (Put that card onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	B	B	Fate Reforged	80	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Sibsig Muckdraggers	8B	9	Creature ? Zombie	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
When Sibsig Muckdraggers enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Fate Reforged	83	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Humble Defector	1R	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	{T}: Draw two cards. Target opponent gains control of Humble Defector. Activate this ability only during your turn.	R	R	Fate Reforged	104	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Hungering Yeti	4R	5	Creature ? Yeti	"As long as you control a green or blue permanent, you may cast Hungering Yeti as though it had flash. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)"	R	R	Fate Reforged	105	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Shockmaw Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Shockmaw Dragon deals combat damage to a player, it deals 1 damage to each creature that player controls."	R	R	Fate Reforged	114	uncommon	Alejandro Mirabal		
Arashin War Beast	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Arashin War Beast deals combat damage to one or more blocking creatures, manifest the top card of your library. (Put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	G	G	Fate Reforged	123	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Pilgrim of the Fires	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"First strike, trample"			Fate Reforged	162	uncommon	Izzy		
Dragon Hunter	W	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Protection from Dragons
Dragon Hunter can block Dragons as though it had reach."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	10	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Echoes of the Kin Tree	1W	2	Enchantment	{2}{W}: Bolster 1. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	15	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Orator of Ojutai	1W	2	Creature ? Bird Monk	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may reveal a Dragon card from your hand.
Defender, flying
When Orator of Ojutai enters the battlefield, if you revealed a Dragon card or controlled a Dragon as you cast this spell, draw a card."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	28	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Shieldhide Dragon	5W	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, lifelink
Megamorph {5}{W}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Shieldhide Dragon is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Dragon creature you control."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	37	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Silkwrap	1W	2	Enchantment	"When Silkwrap enters the battlefield, exile target creature with converted mana cost 3 or less an opponent controls until Silkwrap leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	38	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Belltoll Dragon	5U	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, hexproof
Megamorph {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Belltoll Dragon is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Dragon creature you control."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	46	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Encase in Ice	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant red or green creature
When Encase in Ice enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	54	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Gudul Lurker	U	1	Creature ? Salamander	"Gudul Lurker can't be blocked.
Megamorph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	56	uncommon	Christopher Burdett		
Qarsi Deceiver	1U	2	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"{T}: Add {C}. Spend this mana only to cast a face-down creature spell, pay a mana cost to turn a manifested creature face up, or pay a morph cost. (A megamorph cost is a morph cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	71	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Void Squall	4U	5	Sorcery	"Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	83	uncommon	James Paick		
Acid-Spewer Dragon	5B	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, deathtouch
Megamorph {5}{B}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Acid-Spewer Dragon is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Dragon creature you control."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	86	uncommon	James Zapata		
Deadly Wanderings	3BB	5	Enchantment	"As long as you control exactly one creature, that creature gets +2/+0 and has deathtouch and lifelink."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	94	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Marang River Skeleton	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton	"{B}: Regenerate Marang River Skeleton.
Megamorph {3}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	108	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Rakshasa Gravecaller	4B	5	Creature ? Cat Demon	"Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
When Rakshasa Gravecaller exploits a creature, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	114	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Self-Inflicted Wound	1B	2	Sorcery	"Target opponent sacrifices a green or white creature. If that player does, they lose 2 life."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	117	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Atarka Pummeler	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	Formidable ? {3}{R}{R}: Creatures you control gain menace until end of turn. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	129	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Lightning Berserker	R	1	Creature ? Human Berserker	"{R}: Lightning Berserker gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Dash {R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	146	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Stormcrag Elemental	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Megamorph {4}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	158	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Stormwing Dragon	5R	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, first strike
Megamorph {5}{R}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Stormwing Dragon is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Dragon creature you control."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	159	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Herdchaser Dragon	5G	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample
Megamorph {5}{G}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
When Herdchaser Dragon is turned face up, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Dragon creature you control."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	190	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Lurking Arynx	4G	5	Creature ? Cat Beast	Formidable ? {2}{G}: Target creature blocks Lurking Arynx this turn if able. Activate this ability only if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater.	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	192	uncommon	Carl Frank		
Scaleguard Sentinels	GG	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may reveal a Dragon card from your hand.
Scaleguard Sentinels enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you revealed a Dragon card or controlled a Dragon as you cast this spell."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	201	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Sight of the Scalelords	4G	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, creatures you control with toughness 4 or greater get +2/+2 and gain vigilance until end of turn."	G	G	Dragons of Tarkir	207	uncommon	Marc Simonetti		
Enduring Scalelord	4GW	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on another creature you control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Enduring Scalelord."	W	W	Dragons of Tarkir	222	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Ruthless Deathfang	4UB	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever you sacrifice a creature, target opponent sacrifices a creature."	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	229	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Savage Ventmaw	4RG	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Savage Ventmaw attacks, add {R}{R}{R}{G}{G}{G}. Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	231	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Swift Warkite	4BR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Swift Warkite enters the battlefield, you may put a creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	233	uncommon	Izzy		
Stormrider Rig	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Stormrider Rig to it.
Equip {2}"			Dragons of Tarkir	245	uncommon	Min Yum		
Bane of Bala Ged	7	7	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Whenever Bane of Bala Ged attacks, defending player exiles two permanents they control."			Battle for Zendikar	1	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Breaker of Armies	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi	All creatures able to block Breaker of Armies do so.			Battle for Zendikar	3	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Deathless Behemoth	6	6	Creature ? Eldrazi	"Vigilance
Sacrifice two Eldrazi Scions: Return Deathless Behemoth from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Battle for Zendikar	5	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Ulamog's Despoiler	6	6	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"As Ulamog's Despoiler enters the battlefield, you may put two cards your opponents own from exile into their owners' graveyards. If you do, Ulamog's Despoiler enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it."			Battle for Zendikar	16	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Angel of Renewal	5W	6	Creature ? Angel Ally	"Flying
When Angel of Renewal enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature you control."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	18	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Expedition Envoy	W	1	Creature ? Human Scout Ally		W	W	Battle for Zendikar	24	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Kor Bladewhirl	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Soldier Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Kor Bladewhirl or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	34	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Tide Drifter	1U	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Other colorless creatures you control get +0/+1."		U	Battle for Zendikar	67	uncommon	Daarken		
Ulamog's Reclaimer	4U	5	Creature ? Eldrazi Processor	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Ulamog's Reclaimer enters the battlefield, you may put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard. If you do, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."		U	Battle for Zendikar	68	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Windrider Patrol	3UU	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Windrider Patrol deals combat damage to a player, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	89	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Transgress the Mind	1B	2	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target player reveals their hand. You choose a card from it with converted mana cost 3 or greater and exile that card."		B	Battle for Zendikar	101	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Carrier Thrall	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire	"When Carrier Thrall dies, create a 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature token. It has ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	106	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Vampiric Rites	B	1	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card."	B	B	Battle for Zendikar	124	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Processor Assault	1R	2	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
As an additional cost to cast this spell, put a card an opponent owns from exile into that player's graveyard.
Processor Assault deals 5 damage to target creature."		R	Battle for Zendikar	132	uncommon	Jama Jurabaev		
Akoum Stonewaker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with trample and haste. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	140	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Brood Monitor	4GG	6	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Brood Monitor enters the battlefield, create three 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""		G	Battle for Zendikar	164	uncommon	Izzy		
Plated Crusher	4GGG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	183	uncommon	Jama Jurabaev		
Rot Shambler	1G	2	Creature ? Fungus	"Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Rot Shambler."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	187	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Scythe Leopard	G	1	Creature ? Cat	"Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Scythe Leopard gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	188	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Tajuru Warcaller	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Warrior Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Tajuru Warcaller or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	195	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Forerunner of Slaughter	BR	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{1}: Target colorless creature gains haste until end of turn."		R	Battle for Zendikar	204	uncommon	James Zapata		
Resolute Blademaster	3RW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier Ally	"Rally ? Whenever Resolute Blademaster or another Ally enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	218	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Skyrider Elf	XGU	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior Ally	"Flying
Converge ? Skyrider Elf enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it."	U	U	Battle for Zendikar	220	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Pathway Arrows	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{2}, {T}: This creature deals 1 damage to target creature. If a colorless creature is dealt damage this way, tap it.""
Equip {2}"			Battle for Zendikar	225	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Slab Hammer	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may return a land you control to its owner's hand. If you do, the creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Equip {2}"			Battle for Zendikar	227	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Blighted Cataract		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{5}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Blighted Cataract: Draw two cards."		U	Battle for Zendikar	229	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Blighted Fen		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Blighted Fen: Target opponent sacrifices a creature."		B	Battle for Zendikar	230	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Blighted Gorge		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Blighted Gorge: It deals 2 damage to any target."		R	Battle for Zendikar	231	uncommon	Jung Park		
Blighted Steppe		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Blighted Steppe: You gain 2 life for each creature you control."		W	Battle for Zendikar	232	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Blighted Woodland		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Blighted Woodland: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."		G	Battle for Zendikar	233	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Spawning Bed		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{6}, {T}, Sacrifice Spawning Bed: Create three 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."""			Battle for Zendikar	248	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Walker of the Wastes	4C	5	Creature ? Eldrazi	"({C} represents colorless mana.)
Trample
Walker of the Wastes gets +1/+1 for each land you control named Wastes."			Oath of the Gatewatch	10	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Steppe Glider	4W	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying, vigilance
{1}{W}: Target creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains flying and vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	36	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Stoneforge Acolyte	W	1	Creature ? Kor Artificer Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an Equipment card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	38	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Prophet of Distortion	U	1	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{3}{C}: Draw a card. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		U	Oath of the Gatewatch	46	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Cyclone Sire	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Cyclone Sire dies, you may put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control. If you do, that land becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste that's still a land."	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	54	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Reaver Drone	B	1	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life unless you control another colorless creature."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	76	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Visions of Brutality	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't block.
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, its controller loses that much life."		B	Oath of the Gatewatch	81	uncommon	Jama Jurabaev		
Malakir Soothsayer	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Shaman Ally	"Cohort ? {T}, Tap an untapped Ally you control: You draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Oath of the Gatewatch	87	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Immobilizer Eldrazi	1R	2	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
{2}{C}: Each creature with toughness greater than its power can't block this turn. ({C} represents colorless mana.)"		R	Oath of the Gatewatch	97	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Press into Service	4R	5	Sorcery	"Support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.)
Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Oath of the Gatewatch	114	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Birthing Hulk	6G	7	Creature ? Eldrazi Drone	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Birthing Hulk enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have ""Sacrifice this creature: Add {C}."" ({C} represents colorless mana.)
{1}{C}: Regenerate Birthing Hulk."		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	121	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Ruin in Their Wake	1G	2	Sorcery	"Devoid (This card has no color.)
Search your library for a basic land card and reveal it. You may put that card onto the battlefield tapped if you control a land named Wastes. Otherwise, put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."		G	Oath of the Gatewatch	122	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Baloth Pup	1G	2	Creature ? Beast	Baloth Pup has trample as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	127	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Bonds of Mortality	1G	2	Enchantment	"When Bonds of Mortality enters the battlefield, draw a card.
{G}: Creatures your opponents control lose hexproof and indestructible until end of turn."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	128	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Embodiment of Insight	4G	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Vigilance
Land creatures you control have vigilance.
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target land you control become a 3/3 Elemental creature with haste until end of turn. It's still a land."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	131	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Nissa's Judgment	4G	5	Sorcery	"Support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.)
Choose up to one target creature an opponent controls. Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it deals damage equal to its power to that creature."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	139	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Baloth Null	4BG	6	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"When Baloth Null enters the battlefield, return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	152	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Stormchaser Mage	UR	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying, haste
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Oath of the Gatewatch	159	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Weapons Trainer	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Ally	Other creatures you control get +1/+0 as long as you control an Equipment.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	160	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Gryff's Boon	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has flying.
{3}{W}: Return Gryff's Boon from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	20	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Nahiri's Machinations	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn.
{1}{R}: Nahiri's Machinations deals 1 damage to target blocking creature."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	28	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Not Forgotten	1W	2	Sorcery	Put target card from a graveyard on the top or bottom of its owner's library. Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	30	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Open the Armory	1W	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for an Aura or Equipment card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	32	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Reaper of Flight Moonsilver	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Delirium ? Sacrifice another creature: Reaper of Flight Moonsilver gets +2/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	36	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Topplegeist	W	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Topplegeist enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls.
Delirium ? At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, tap target creature that player controls."	W	W	Shadows over Innistrad	45	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Erdwal Illuminator	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you investigate for the first time each turn, investigate an additional time."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	60	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Manic Scribe	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Manic Scribe enters the battlefield, each opponent puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.
Delirium ? At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, that player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	73	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Ongoing Investigation	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with ""{2}, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card."")
{1}{G}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Investigate. You gain 2 life."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	77	uncommon	Bud Cook		
Pore Over the Pages	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Draw three cards, untap up to two lands, then discard a card."	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	79	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Rise from the Tides	5U	6	Sorcery	Create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.	U	U	Shadows over Innistrad	83	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Call the Bloodline	1B	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 black Vampire Knight creature token with lifelink. Activate this ability only once each turn."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	103	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Ghoulsteed	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Horse	"{2}{B}, Discard two cards: Return Ghoulsteed from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	113	uncommon	Jason Kang		
Indulgent Aristocrat	B	1	Creature ? Vampire	"Lifelink
{2}, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on each Vampire you control."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	118	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Liliana's Indignation	XB	1	Sorcery	Put the top X cards of your library into your graveyard. Target player loses 2 life for each creature card put into your graveyard this way.	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	120	uncommon	Daarken		
Morkrut Necropod	5B	6	Creature ? Slug Horror	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Whenever Morkrut Necropod attacks or blocks, sacrifice another creature or land."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	125	uncommon	Alejandro Mirabal		
Olivia's Bloodsworn	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Flying
Olivia's Bloodsworn can't block.
{R}: Target Vampire gains haste until end of turn."	B	R	Shadows over Innistrad	127	uncommon	Daarken		
Pale Rider of Trostad	1B	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
When Pale Rider of Trostad enters the battlefield, discard a card."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	128	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Sinister Concoction	B	1	Enchantment	"{B}, Pay 1 life, Put the top card of your library into your graveyard, Discard a card, Sacrifice Sinister Concoction: Destroy target creature."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	135	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Gibbering Fiend	1R	2	Creature ? Devil	"When Gibbering Fiend enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Delirium ? At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, Gibbering Fiend deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	161	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Incorrigible Youths	3RR	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Haste
Madness {2}{R} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	166	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Ravenous Bloodseeker	1R	2	Creature ? Vampire Berserker	Discard a card: Ravenous Bloodseeker gets +2/-2 until end of turn.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	175	uncommon	James Ryman		
Cult of the Waxing Moon	4G	5	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever a permanent you control transforms into a non-Human creature, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	201	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Obsessive Skinner	1G	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Obsessive Skinner enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Delirium ? At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	220	uncommon	John Stanko		
Veteran Cathar	1G	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	{3}{W}: Target Human gains double strike until end of turn.	G	W	Shadows over Innistrad	238	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Epitaph Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{2}: Put target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library.			Shadows over Innistrad	254	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Skeleton Key	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has skulk. (It can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
Equip {2}"			Shadows over Innistrad	263	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Abundant Maw	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi Leech	"Emerge {6}{B} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, target opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life."		B	Eldritch Moon	1	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Drownyard Behemoth	9	9	Creature ? Eldrazi Crab	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Emerge {7}{U} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
Drownyard Behemoth has hexproof as long as it entered the battlefield this turn."		U	Eldritch Moon	4	uncommon	Jason Kang		
Lashweed Lurker	8	8	Creature ? Eldrazi Horror	"Emerge {5}{G}{U} (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature's converted mana cost.)
When you cast this spell, you may put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library."		U	Eldritch Moon	9	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Mystic Compass	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn."			Alliances	124	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Phyrexian Devourer	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Phyrexian Devourer's power is 7 or greater, sacrifice it.
Exile the top card of your library: Put X +1/+1 counters on Phyrexian Devourer, where X is the exiled card's converted mana cost."			Alliances	125	rare	Mark Tedin		
Phyrexian Portal	3	3	Artifact	"{3}: If your library has ten or more cards in it, target opponent looks at the top ten cards of your library and separates them into two face-down piles. Exile one of those piles. Search the other pile for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle the rest of that pile into your library."			Alliances	126	rare	Pete Venters		
Phyrexian War Beast	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"When Phyrexian War Beast leaves the battlefield, sacrifice a land and Phyrexian War Beast deals 1 damage to you."			Alliances	127	common	Bill Sienkiewicz		
Scarab of the Unseen	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Scarab of the Unseen: Return all Auras attached to target permanent you own to their owners' hands. Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."			Alliances	128	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Shield Sphere	0	0	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
Whenever Shield Sphere blocks, put a -0/-1 counter on it."			Alliances	129	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Sol Grail	3	3	Artifact	"As Sol Grail enters the battlefield, choose a color.
{T}: Add one mana of the chosen color."			Alliances	130	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Soldevi Digger	2	2	Artifact	{2}: Put the top card of your graveyard on the bottom of your library.			Alliances	131	rare	Amy Weber		
Soldevi Sentry	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	"{1}: Choose target opponent. Regenerate Soldevi Sentry. When it regenerates this way, that player may draw a card."			Alliances	132	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Soldevi Steam Beast	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"Whenever Soldevi Steam Beast becomes tapped, target opponent gains 2 life.
{2}: Regenerate Soldevi Steam Beast."			Alliances	133	common	Bill Sienkiewicz		
Storm Cauldron	5	5	Artifact	"Each player may play an additional land during each of their turns.
Whenever a land is tapped for mana, return it to its owner's hand."			Alliances	134	rare	Dan Frazier		
Urza's Engine	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Trample
{3}: Urza's Engine gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
{3}: Attacking creatures banded with Urza's Engine gain trample until end of turn."			Alliances	135	uncommon	Greg Simanson		
Whirling Catapult	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, Exile the top two cards of your library: Whirling Catapult deals 1 damage to each creature with flying and each player."			Alliances	136	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Balduvian Trading Post		0	Land	"If Balduvian Trading Post would enter the battlefield, sacrifice an untapped Mountain instead. If you do, put Balduvian Trading Post onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add {C}{R}.
{1}, {T}: Balduvian Trading Post deals 1 damage to target attacking creature."		R	Alliances	137	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Heart of Yavimaya		0	Land	"If Heart of Yavimaya would enter the battlefield, sacrifice a Forest instead. If you do, put Heart of Yavimaya onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."		G	Alliances	138	rare	Pete Venters		
Kjeldoran Outpost		0	Land	"If Kjeldoran Outpost would enter the battlefield, sacrifice a Plains instead. If you do, put Kjeldoran Outpost onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add {W}.
{1}{W}, {T}: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."		W	Alliances	139	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Lake of the Dead		0	Land	"If Lake of the Dead would enter the battlefield, sacrifice a Swamp instead. If you do, put Lake of the Dead onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add {B}.
{T}, Sacrifice a Swamp: Add {B}{B}{B}{B}."		B	Alliances	140	rare	Pete Venters		
School of the Unseen		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Alliances	141	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Sheltered Valley		0	Land	"If Sheltered Valley would enter the battlefield, instead sacrifice each other permanent named Sheltered Valley you control, then put Sheltered Valley onto the battlefield.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control three or fewer lands, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {C}."			Alliances	142	rare	Rob Alexander		
Soldevi Excavations		0	Land	"If Soldevi Excavations would enter the battlefield, sacrifice an untapped Island instead. If you do, put Soldevi Excavations onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add {C}{U}.
{1}, {T}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"		U	Alliances	143	rare	Liz Danforth		
Thawing Glaciers		0	Land	"Thawing Glaciers enters the battlefield tapped.
{1}, {T}: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library. Return Thawing Glaciers to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next cleanup step."			Alliances	144	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Blinking Spirit	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	{0}: Return Blinking Spirit to its owner's hand.	W	W	Ice Age	8	rare	Allen Williams		
Kjeldoran Royal Guard	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: All combat damage that would be dealt to you by unblocked creatures this turn is dealt to Kjeldoran Royal Guard instead.	W	W	Ice Age	38	rare	Allen Williams		
Deflection	3U	4	Instant	Change the target of target spell with a single target.	U	U	Ice Age	65	rare	Mike Raabe		
Wrath of Marit Lage	3UU	5	Enchantment	"When Wrath of Marit Lage enters the battlefield, tap all red creatures.
Red creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	U	U	Ice Age	109	rare	Mike Raabe		
Zur's Weirding	3U	4	Enchantment	"Players play with their hands revealed.
If a player would draw a card, they reveal it instead. Then any other player may pay 2 life. If a player does, put that card into its owner's graveyard. Otherwise, that player draws a card."	U	U	Ice Age	110	rare	Liz Danforth		
Abyssal Specter	2BB	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Abyssal Specter deals damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Ice Age	113	uncommon	Ruth Thompson		
Fear	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature has fear. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)"	B	B	Ice Age	124	common	Rick Emond		
Balduvian Barbarians	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Barbarian		R	R	Ice Age	172	common	Mark Poole		
Karplusan Yeti	3RR	5	Creature ? Yeti	{T}: Karplusan Yeti deals damage equal to its power to target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Karplusan Yeti.	R	R	Ice Age	197	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Pyroclasm	1R	2	Sorcery	Pyroclasm deals 2 damage to each creature.	R	R	Ice Age	214	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Sabretooth Tiger	2R	3	Creature ? Cat	First strike	R	R	Ice Age	215	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Fyndhorn Elder	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}{G}.	G	G	Ice Age	243	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Hurricane	XG	1	Sorcery	Hurricane deals X damage to each creature with flying and each player.	G	G	Ice Age	249	uncommon	Cornelius Brudi		
Lhurgoyf	2GG	4	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	Lhurgoyf's power is equal to the number of creature cards in all graveyards and its toughness is equal to that number plus 1.	G	G	Ice Age	252	rare	Pete Venters		
Scaled Wurm	7G	8	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Ice Age	262	common	Daniel Gelon		
Jester's Cap	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Jester's Cap: Search target player's library for three cards and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."			Ice Age	324	rare	Dan Frazier		
Vexing Arcanix	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player chooses a card name, then reveals the top card of their library. If that card has the chosen name, that player puts it into their hand. Otherwise, they put it into their graveyard and Vexing Arcanix deals 2 damage to them."			Ice Age	344	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Adarkar Wastes		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}. Adarkar Wastes deals 1 damage to you."		W	Ice Age	351	rare	Mike Raabe		
Brushland		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}. Brushland deals 1 damage to you."		W	Ice Age	352	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Karplusan Forest		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}. Karplusan Forest deals 1 damage to you."		R	Ice Age	356	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Sulfurous Springs		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}. Sulfurous Springs deals 1 damage to you."		R	Ice Age	360	rare	Phil Foglio		
Underground River		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}. Underground River deals 1 damage to you."		U	Ice Age	362	rare	NN Thomas		
Adarkar Unicorn	1WW	3	Creature ? Unicorn	{T}: Add {U} or {C}{U}. Spend this mana only to pay cumulative upkeep costs.	W	W	Ice Age	1	common	Quinton Hoover		
Arctic Foxes	1W	2	Creature ? Fox	Arctic Foxes can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or greater as long as defending player controls a snow land.	W	W	Ice Age	2	common	Mark Poole		
Arenson's Aura	2W	3	Enchantment	"{W}, Sacrifice an enchantment: Destroy target enchantment.
{3}{U}{U}: Counter target enchantment spell."	W	W	Ice Age	3	common	Nicola Leonard		
Battle Cry	2W	3	Instant	"Untap all white creatures you control.
Whenever a creature blocks this turn, it gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ice Age	5	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Black Scarab	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by black creatures.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent controls a black permanent."	W	W	Ice Age	6	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Blessed Wine	1W	2	Instant	"You gain 1 life.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Ice Age	7	common	Kaja Foglio		
Blue Scarab	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by blue creatures.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent controls a blue permanent."	W	W	Ice Age	9	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Call to Arms	1W	2	Enchantment	"As Call to Arms enters the battlefield, choose a color and an opponent.
White creatures get +1/+1 as long as the chosen color is the most common color among nontoken permanents the chosen player controls but isn't tied for most common.
When the chosen color isn't the most common color among nontoken permanents the chosen player controls or is tied for most common, sacrifice Call to Arms."	W	W	Ice Age	10	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Caribou Range	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land you control
Enchanted land has ""{W}{W}, {T}: Create a 0/1 white Caribou creature token.""
Sacrifice a Caribou token: You gain 1 life."	W	W	Ice Age	11	rare	Ruth Thompson		
Cold Snap	2W	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Cold Snap deals damage to that player equal to the number of snow lands they control."	W	W	Ice Age	17	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Cooperation	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has banding. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding a player controls are blocking or being blocked by a creature, that player divides that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Ice Age	18	common	Phil Foglio		
Drought	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Drought unless you pay {W}{W}.
Spells cost an additional ""Sacrifice a Swamp"" to cast for each black mana symbol in their mana costs.
Activated abilities cost an additional ""Sacrifice a Swamp"" to activate for each black mana symbol in their activation costs."	W	W	Ice Age	21	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Elvish Healer	2W	3	Creature ? Elf Cleric	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. If it's a green creature, prevent the next 2 damage instead."	W	W	Ice Age	22	common	Rick Emond		
Energy Storm	1W	2	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt by instant and sorcery spells.
Creatures with flying don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	W	W	Ice Age	24	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Formation	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding a player controls are blocking or being blocked by a creature, that player divides that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Ice Age	25	rare	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Fylgja	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Fylgja enters the battlefield with four healing counters on it.
Remove a healing counter from Fylgja: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature this turn.
{2}{W}: Put a healing counter on Fylgja."	W	W	Ice Age	26	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
General Jarkeld	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Choose two target blocked attacking creatures. If each of those creatures could be blocked by all creatures that the other is blocked by, each creature that's blocking exactly one of those attacking creatures stops blocking it and is blocking the other attacking creature. Activate this ability only during the declare blockers step."	W	W	Ice Age	27	rare	Richard Thomas		
Green Scarab	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by green creatures.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent controls a green permanent."	W	W	Ice Age	28	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Hallowed Ground	1W	2	Enchantment	{W}{W}: Return target nonsnow land you control to its owner's hand.	W	W	Ice Age	29	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Hipparion	1W	2	Creature ? Horse	Hipparion can't block creatures with power 3 or greater unless you pay {1}.	W	W	Ice Age	31	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Justice	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Justice unless you pay {W}{W}.
Whenever a red creature or spell deals damage, Justice deals that much damage to that creature's or spell's controller."	W	W	Ice Age	32	uncommon	Ruth Thompson		
Kelsinko Ranger	W	1	Creature ? Human	{1}{W}: Target green creature gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Ice Age	33	common	Mark Poole		
Kjeldoran Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. When that creature leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice Kjeldoran Guard. Activate this ability only during combat and only if defending player controls no snow lands."	W	W	Ice Age	35	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Kjeldoran Knight	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
{1}{W}: Kjeldoran Knight gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{W}{W}: Kjeldoran Knight gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Ice Age	36	rare	Ron Spencer		
Kjeldoran Phalanx	5W	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Ice Age	37	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Kjeldoran Skyknight	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying; first strike; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Ice Age	40	common	Mark Poole		
Kjeldoran Warrior	W	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Ice Age	41	common	Mark Poole		
Lost Order of Jarkeld	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"As Lost Order of Jarkeld enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
Lost Order of Jarkeld's power and toughness are each equal to 1 plus the number of creatures the chosen player controls."	W	W	Ice Age	43	rare	Andi Rusu		
Mercenaries	3W	4	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{3}: The next time Mercenaries would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. Any player may activate this ability."	W	W	Ice Age	44	rare	Cornelius Brudi		
Order of the Sacred Torch	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Counter target black spell."	W	W	Ice Age	45	rare	Ruth Thompson		
Prismatic Ward	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Prismatic Ward enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature by sources of the chosen color."	W	W	Ice Age	47	common	Allen Williams		
Rally	WW	2	Instant	Blocking creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Ice Age	48	common	Heather Hudson		
Red Scarab	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by red creatures.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent controls a red permanent."	W	W	Ice Age	49	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Sacred Boon	1W	2	Instant	"Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. At the beginning of the next end step, put a +0/+1 counter on that creature for each 1 damage prevented this way."	W	W	Ice Age	50	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Seraph	6W	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Seraph this turn dies, put that card onto the battlefield under your control at the beginning of the next end step. Sacrifice the creature when you lose control of Seraph."	W	W	Ice Age	51	rare	Christopher Rush		
Snow Hound	2W	3	Creature ? Hound	"{1}, {T}: Return Snow Hound and target green or blue creature you control to their owner's hand."	W	W	Ice Age	53	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
White Scarab	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by white creatures.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent controls a white permanent."	W	W	Ice Age	56	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Arnjlot's Ascent	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{1}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Ice Age	57	common	Drew Tucker		
Balduvian Shaman	U	1	Creature ? Human Cleric Shaman	"{T}: Change the text of target white enchantment you control that doesn't have cumulative upkeep by replacing all instances of one color word with another. (For example, you may change ""black creatures can't attack"" to ""blue creatures can't attack."") That enchantment gains ""Cumulative upkeep {1}."" (At the beginning of its controller's upkeep, that player puts an age counter on it, then sacrifices it unless they pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Ice Age	59	common	Quinton Hoover		
Breath of Dreams	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Green creatures have ""Cumulative upkeep {1}."""	U	U	Ice Age	62	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Clairvoyance	U	1	Instant	"Look at target player's hand.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	63	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Dreams of the Dead	3U	4	Enchantment	"{1}{U}: Return target white or black creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains ""Cumulative upkeep {2}."" If the creature would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else. (At the beginning of its controller's upkeep, that player puts an age counter on it, then sacrifices it unless they pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Ice Age	66	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Errant Minion	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player may pay any amount of mana. Errant Minion deals 2 damage to that player. Prevent X of that damage, where X is the amount of mana that player paid this way."	U	U	Ice Age	68	common	Harold McNeill		
Force Void	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	70	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Iceberg	XUU	2	Enchantment	"Iceberg enters the battlefield with X ice counters on it.
{3}: Put an ice counter on Iceberg.
Remove an ice counter from Iceberg: Add {C}."	U	U	Ice Age	73	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Illusionary Forces	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Cumulative upkeep {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Ice Age	75	common	Justin Hampton		
Illusionary Presence	1UU	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Cumulative upkeep {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose a land type. Illusionary Presence gains landwalk of the chosen type until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a land of that type.)"	U	U	Ice Age	76	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Illusionary Terrain	UU	2	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
As Illusionary Terrain enters the battlefield, choose two basic land types.
Basic lands of the first chosen type are the second chosen type."	U	U	Ice Age	77	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Illusions of Grandeur	3U	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Illusions of Grandeur enters the battlefield, you gain 20 life.
When Illusions of Grandeur leaves the battlefield, you lose 20 life."	U	U	Ice Age	79	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Magus of the Unseen	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{U}, {T}: Untap target artifact an opponent controls and gain control of it until end of turn. It gains haste until end of turn. When you lose control of the artifact, tap it."	U	U	Ice Age	82	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Mesmeric Trance	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{U}, Discard a card: Draw a card."	U	U	Ice Age	83	rare	Dan Frazier		
Musician	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{T}: Put a music counter on target creature. If it doesn't have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy this creature unless you pay {1} for each music counter on it,"" it gains that ability."	U	U	Ice Age	85	rare	Drew Tucker		
Mystic Might	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land you control
Cumulative upkeep {1}{U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."""	U	U	Ice Age	86	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Mystic Remora	U	1	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, you may draw a card unless that player pays {4}."	U	U	Ice Age	87	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Polar Kraken	8UUU	11	Creature ? Kraken	"Trample
Polar Kraken enters the battlefield tapped.
Cumulative upkeep?Sacrifice a land. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Ice Age	89	rare	Mark Tedin		
Ray of Erasure	U	1	Instant	"Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	93	common	Mike Raabe		
Reality Twist	UUU	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1}{U}{U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
If tapped for mana, Plains produce {R}, Swamps produce {G}, Mountains produce {W}, and Forests produce {B} instead of any other type."	U	W	Ice Age	94	rare	James Ernest		
Sea Spirit	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	{U}: Sea Spirit gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	U	U	Ice Age	95	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Sibilant Spirit	5U	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Sibilant Spirit attacks, defending player may draw a card."	U	U	Ice Age	97	rare	Ron Spencer		
Silver Erne	3U	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, trample"	U	U	Ice Age	98	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Snowfall	2U	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Whenever an Island is tapped for mana, its controller may add an additional {U}. If that Island is snow, its controller may add an additional {U}{U} instead. Spend this mana only to pay cumulative upkeep costs."	U	U	Ice Age	101	common	Phil Foglio		
Soul Barrier	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a creature spell, Soul Barrier deals 2 damage to that player unless they pay {2}."	U	U	Ice Age	103	uncommon	Harold McNeill		
Thunder Wall	1UU	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying
{U}: Thunder Wall gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Ice Age	104	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Updraft	1U	2	Instant	"Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	105	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Wind Spirit	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Flying
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	U	U	Ice Age	106	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Winter's Chill	XU	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat before blockers are declared.
X can't be greater than the number of snow lands you control.
Choose X target attacking creatures. For each of those creatures, its controller may pay {1} or {2}. If that player doesn't, destroy that creature at end of combat. If that player pays only {1}, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this combat."	U	U	Ice Age	107	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Zuran Enchanter	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only during your turn."	U	U	Ice Age	111	common	Douglas Shuler		
Dance of the Dead	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature card in a graveyard
When Dance of the Dead enters the battlefield, if it's on the battlefield, it loses ""enchant creature card in a graveyard"" and gains ""enchant creature put onto the battlefield with Dance of the Dead."" Put enchanted creature card onto the battlefield tapped under your control and attach Dance of the Dead to it. When Dance of the Dead leaves the battlefield, that creature's controller sacrifices it.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player may pay {1}{B}. If the player does, untap that creature."	B	B	Ice Age	118	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Flow of Maggots	2B	3	Creature ? Insect	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Flow of Maggots can't be blocked by non-Wall creatures."	B	B	Ice Age	125	rare	Ron Spencer		
Gaze of Pain	1B	2	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, whenever a creature you control attacks and isn't blocked, you may choose to have it deal damage equal to its power to a target creature. If you do, it assigns no combat damage this turn."	B	B	Ice Age	128	common	Anson Maddocks		
Hecatomb	1BB	3	Enchantment	"When Hecatomb enters the battlefield, sacrifice Hecatomb unless you sacrifice four creatures.
Tap an untapped Swamp you control: Hecatomb deals 1 damage to any target."	B	B	Ice Age	130	rare	NN Thomas		
Hoar Shade	3B	4	Creature ? Shade	{B}: Hoar Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Ice Age	131	common	Richard Thomas		
Infernal Darkness	2BB	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep?Pay {B} and 1 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
If a land is tapped for mana, it produces {B} instead of any other type."	B	B	Ice Age	135	rare	Phil Foglio		
Infernal Denizen	7B	8	Creature ? Demon	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice two Swamps. If you can't, tap Infernal Denizen, and an opponent may gain control of a creature you control of their choice for as long as Infernal Denizen remains on the battlefield.
{T}: Gain control of target creature for as long as Infernal Denizen remains on the battlefield."	B	B	Ice Age	136	rare	Drew Tucker		
Knight of Stromgald	BB	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from white
{B}: Knight of Stromgald gains first strike until end of turn.
{B}{B}: Knight of Stromgald gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Ice Age	138	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Krovikan Elementalist	BB	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{R}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{U}{U}: Target creature you control gains flying until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	B	U	Ice Age	139	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Krovikan Vampire	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"At the beginning of each end step, if a creature dealt damage by Krovikan Vampire this turn died, put that card onto the battlefield under your control. Sacrifice it when you lose control of Krovikan Vampire."	B	B	Ice Age	141	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Leshrac's Rite	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has swampwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)"	B	B	Ice Age	143	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Leshrac's Sigil	BB	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a green spell, you may pay {B}{B}. If you do, look at that player's hand and choose a card from it. The player discards that card.
{B}{B}: Return Leshrac's Sigil to its owner's hand."	B	B	Ice Age	144	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Lim-Dl's Hex	1B	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, for each player, Lim-Dl's Hex deals 1 damage to that player unless they pay {B} or {3}."	B	B	Ice Age	146	uncommon	Liz Danforth		
Mind Ravel	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player discards a card.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Ice Age	147	common	Mark Tedin		
Mind Warp	X3B	4	Sorcery	Look at target player's hand and choose X cards from it. That player discards those cards.	B	B	Ice Age	148	uncommon	Liz Danforth		
Mind Whip	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player may pay {3}. If they don't, Mind Whip deals 2 damage to that player and you tap that creature."	B	B	Ice Age	149	rare	Drew Tucker		
Minion of Tevesh Szat	4BBB	7	Creature ? Demon Minion	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Minion of Tevesh Szat deals 2 damage to you unless you pay {B}{B}.
{T}: Target creature gets +3/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Ice Age	151	rare	Julie Baroh		
Mole Worms	2B	3	Creature ? Worm	"You may choose not to untap Mole Worms during your untap step.
{T}: Tap target land. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Mole Worms remains tapped."	B	B	Ice Age	152	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Moor Fiend	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Ice Age	153	common	Anson Maddocks		
Norritt	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"{T}: Untap target blue creature.
{T}: Choose target non-Wall creature the active player has controlled continuously since the beginning of the turn. That creature attacks this turn if able. Destroy it at the beginning of the next end step if it didn't attack this turn. Activate this ability only before attackers are declared."	B	B	Ice Age	155	common	Mike Raabe		
Oath of Lim-Dl	3B	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you lose life, for each 1 life you lost, sacrifice a permanent other than Oath of Lim-Dl unless you discard a card. (Damage dealt to you causes you to lose life.)
{B}{B}: Draw a card."	B	B	Ice Age	156	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Pestilence Rats	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	"Pestilence Rats's power is equal to the number of other Rats on the battlefield. (For example, as long as there are two other Rats on the battlefield, Pestilence Rats's power and toughness are 2/3.)"	B	B	Ice Age	157	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Pox	BBB	3	Sorcery	"Each player loses a third of their life, then discards a third of the cards in their hand, then sacrifices a third of the creatures they control, then sacrifices a third of the lands they control. Round up each time."	B	B	Ice Age	158	rare	Cornelius Brudi		
Seizures	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, Seizures deals 3 damage to that creature's controller unless that player pays {3}."	B	B	Ice Age	159	common	Julie Baroh		
Soul Kiss	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{B}, Pay 1 life: Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than three times each turn."	B	B	Ice Age	162	common	Nicola Leonard		
Spoils of Evil	2B	3	Instant	"For each artifact or creature card in target opponent's graveyard, add {C} and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Ice Age	163	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Spoils of War	XB	1	Sorcery	"X is the number of artifact and/or creature cards in an opponent's graveyard as you cast this spell.
Distribute X +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures."	B	B	Ice Age	164	rare	Pete Venters		
Stench of Evil	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Destroy all Plains. For each land destroyed this way, Stench of Evil deals 1 damage to that land's controller unless they pay {2}."	B	B	Ice Age	165	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Stromgald Cabal	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Counter target white spell."	B	B	Ice Age	166	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Touch of Death	2B	3	Sorcery	"Touch of Death deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker. You gain 1 life.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Ice Age	167	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Aggression	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant non-Wall creature
Enchanted creature has first strike and trample.
At the beginning of the end step of enchanted creature's controller, destroy that creature if it didn't attack this turn."	R	R	Ice Age	169	uncommon	Rick Emond		
Anarchy	2RR	4	Sorcery	Destroy all white permanents.	R	R	Ice Age	170	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Avalanche	X2RR	4	Sorcery	Destroy X target snow lands.	R	R	Ice Age	171	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Balduvian Hydra	XRR	2	Creature ? Hydra	"Balduvian Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+0 counters on it.
Remove a +1/+0 counter from Balduvian Hydra: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Balduvian Hydra this turn.
{R}{R}{R}: Put a +1/+0 counter on Balduvian Hydra. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	R	R	Ice Age	173	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Barbarian Guides	2R	3	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"{2}{R}, {T}: Choose a land type. Target creature you control gains snow landwalk of the chosen type until end of turn. Return that creature to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a snow land of that type.)"	R	R	Ice Age	174	common	Richard Thomas		
Battle Frenzy	2R	3	Instant	"Green creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Nongreen creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Ice Age	175	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Bone Shaman	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"{B}: Until end of turn, Bone Shaman gains ""Creatures dealt damage by Bone Shaman this turn can't be regenerated this turn."""	R	R	Ice Age	176	common	Anson Maddocks		
Brand of Ill Omen	3R	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Cumulative upkeep {R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Enchanted creature's controller can't cast creature spells."	R	R	Ice Age	177	rare	Rob Alexander		
Chaos Lord	4RRR	7	Creature ? Human	"First strike
At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent gains control of Chaos Lord if the number of permanents is even.
Chaos Lord can attack as though it had haste unless it entered the battlefield this turn."	R	R	Ice Age	178	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Chaos Moon	3R	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, count the number of permanents. If the number is odd, until end of turn, red creatures get +1/+1 and whenever a player taps a Mountain for mana, that player adds an additional {R}. If the number is even, until end of turn, red creatures get -1/-1 and if a player taps a Mountain for mana, that Mountain produces colorless mana instead of any other type."	R	R	Ice Age	179	rare	Drew Tucker		
Conquer	3RR	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
You control enchanted land."	R	R	Ice Age	180	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Curse of Marit Lage	3RR	5	Enchantment	"When Curse of Marit Lage enters the battlefield, tap all Islands.
Islands don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	R	R	Ice Age	181	rare	Amy Weber		
Dwarven Armory	2RR	4	Enchantment	"{2}, Sacrifice a land: Put a +2/+2 counter on target creature. Activate this ability only during any upkeep step."	R	R	Ice Age	182	rare	Richard Thomas		
Flame Spirit	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	{R}: Flame Spirit gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Ice Age	184	uncommon	Justin Hampton		
Game of Chaos	RRR	3	Sorcery	"Flip a coin. If you win the flip, you gain 1 life and target opponent loses 1 life, and you decide whether to flip again. If you lose the flip, you lose 1 life and that opponent gains 1 life, and that player decides whether to flip again. Double the life stakes with each flip."	R	R	Ice Age	186	rare	Drew Tucker		
Glacial Crevasses	2R	3	Enchantment	Sacrifice a snow Mountain: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	R	R	Ice Age	187	rare	Mike Raabe		
Goblin Mutant	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	"Trample
Goblin Mutant can't attack if defending player controls an untapped creature with power 3 or greater.
Goblin Mutant can't block creatures with power 3 or greater."	R	R	Ice Age	188	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Goblin Sappers	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"{R}{R}, {T}: Target creature you control can't be blocked this turn. Destroy it and Goblin Sappers at end of combat.
{R}{R}{R}{R}, {T}: Target creature you control can't be blocked this turn. Destroy it at end of combat."	R	R	Ice Age	189	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Grizzled Wolverine	1RR	3	Creature ? Wolverine	"{R}: Grizzled Wolverine gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only during the declare blockers step, only if at least one creature is blocking Grizzled Wolverine, and only once each turn."	R	R	Ice Age	192	common	Cornelius Brudi		
Imposing Visage	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Ice Age	193	common	Phil Foglio		
Jokulhaups	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and lands. They can't be regenerated."	R	R	Ice Age	195	rare	Richard Thomas		
Karplusan Giant	6R	7	Creature ? Giant	Tap an untapped snow land you control: Karplusan Giant gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	R	R	Ice Age	196	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Lava Burst	XR	1	Sorcery	"Lava Burst deals X damage to any target. If Lava Burst would deal damage to a creature, that damage can't be prevented or dealt instead to another permanent or player."	R	R	Ice Age	198	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Mrton Stromgald	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Mrton Stromgald attacks, other attacking creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn for each attacking creature other than Mrton Stromgald.
Whenever Mrton Stromgald blocks, other blocking creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn for each blocking creature other than Mrton Stromgald."	R	R	Ice Age	199	rare	Mark Poole		
Melee	4R	5	Instant	"Cast this spell only during your turn and only during combat before blockers are declared.
You choose which creatures block this combat and how those creatures block.
Whenever a creature attacks and isn't blocked this combat, untap it and remove it from combat."	R	R	Ice Age	200	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Melting	3R	4	Enchantment	All lands are no longer snow.	R	R	Ice Age	201	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Mountain Goat	R	1	Creature ? Goat	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Ice Age	203	common	Cornelius Brudi		
Mudslide	2R	3	Enchantment	"Creatures without flying don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may choose any number of tapped creatures without flying they control and pay {2} for each creature chosen this way. If the player does, untap those creatures."	R	R	Ice Age	204	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Orcish Cannoneers	1RR	3	Creature ? Orc Warrior	{T}: Orcish Cannoneers deals 2 damage to any target and 3 damage to you.	R	R	Ice Age	205	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Orcish Healer	RR	2	Creature ? Orc Cleric	"{R}{R}, {T}: Target creature can't be regenerated this turn.
{B}{B}{R}, {T}: Regenerate target black or green creature.
{R}{G}{G}, {T}: Regenerate target black or green creature."	R	R	Ice Age	208	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Orcish Squatters	4R	5	Creature ? Orc	"Whenever Orcish Squatters attacks and isn't blocked, you may gain control of target land defending player controls for as long as you control Orcish Squatters. If you do, Orcish Squatters assigns no combat damage this turn."	R	R	Ice Age	211	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Stone Spirit	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	Stone Spirit can't be blocked by creatures with flying.	R	R	Ice Age	218	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Tor Giant	3R	4	Creature ? Giant		R	R	Ice Age	220	common	Douglas Shuler		
Total War	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a player attacks with one or more creatures, destroy all untapped non-Wall creatures that player controls that didn't attack, except for creatures the player hasn't controlled continuously since the beginning of the turn."	R	R	Ice Age	221	rare	Drew Tucker		
Vertigo	R	1	Instant	Vertigo deals 2 damage to target creature with flying. That creature loses flying until end of turn.	R	R	Ice Age	222	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Wall of Lava	1RR	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{R}: Wall of Lava gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Ice Age	223	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Balduvian Bears	1G	2	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Ice Age	226	common	Quinton Hoover		
Blizzard	GG	2	Enchantment	"Cast this spell only if you control a snow land.
Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Creatures with flying don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	G	G	Ice Age	227	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Dire Wolves	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Dire Wolves has banding as long as you control a Plains. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	G	G	Ice Age	230	common	Ron Spencer		
Earthlore	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land you control
Tap enchanted land: Target blocking creature gets +1/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if enchanted land is untapped."	G	G	Ice Age	231	common	Drew Tucker		
Essence Filter	1GG	3	Sorcery	Destroy all enchantments or all nonwhite enchantments.	G	G	Ice Age	233	common	Rick Emond		
Fanatical Fever	2GG	4	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Ice Age	234	uncommon	Julie Baroh		
Forbidden Lore	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Target creature gets +2/+1 until end of turn."""	G	G	Ice Age	236	rare	Christopher Rush		
Forgotten Lore	G	1	Sorcery	"Target opponent chooses a card in your graveyard. You may pay {G}. If you do, repeat this process except that opponent can't choose a card already chosen for Forgotten Lore. Then put the last chosen card into your hand."	G	G	Ice Age	237	uncommon	Harold McNeill		
Foxfire	2G	3	Instant	"Untap target attacking creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	G	G	Ice Age	238	common	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Freyalise Supplicant	1G	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice a red or white creature: Freyalise Supplicant deals damage to any target equal to half the sacrificed creature's power, rounded down."	G	G	Ice Age	239	uncommon	Liz Danforth & Douglas Shuler		
Freyalise's Charm	GG	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a black spell, you may pay {G}{G}. If you do, you draw a card.
{G}{G}: Return Freyalise's Charm to its owner's hand."	G	G	Ice Age	240	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Freyalise's Winds	2GG	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a permanent becomes tapped, put a wind counter on it.
If a permanent with a wind counter on it would untap during its controller's untap step, remove all wind counters from it instead."	G	G	Ice Age	241	rare	Mark Tedin		
Fyndhorn Brownie	2G	3	Creature ? Ouphe	"{2}{G}, {T}: Untap target creature."	G	G	Ice Age	242	common	Richard Thomas		
Fyndhorn Pollen	2G	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
All creatures get -1/-0.
{1}{G}: All creatures get -1/-0 until end of turn."	G	G	Ice Age	245	rare	Phil Foglio		
Gorilla Pack	2G	3	Creature ? Ape	"Gorilla Pack can't attack unless defending player controls a Forest.
When you control no Forests, sacrifice Gorilla Pack."	G	G	Ice Age	247	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Hot Springs	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land you control
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."""	G	G	Ice Age	248	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Johtull Wurm	5G	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Whenever Johtull Wurm becomes blocked, it gets -2/-1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first."	G	G	Ice Age	250	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Juniper Order Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Druid	{T}: Untap target land.	G	G	Ice Age	251	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Maddening Wind	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Cumulative upkeep {G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, Maddening Wind deals 2 damage to that player."	G	G	Ice Age	254	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Pale Bears	2G	3	Creature ? Bear	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	G	G	Ice Age	256	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Pygmy Allosaurus	2G	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Ice Age	257	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Pyknite	2G	3	Creature ? Ouphe	"When Pyknite enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	G	G	Ice Age	258	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Rime Dryad	G	1	Creature ? Dryad	Snow forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a snow Forest.)	G	G	Ice Age	260	common	Heather Hudson		
Ritual of Subdual	4GG	6	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
If a land is tapped for mana, it produces colorless mana instead of any other type."	G	G	Ice Age	261	rare	Justin Hampton		
Snowblind	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-Y. If that creature is attacking, X is the number of snow lands defending player controls. Otherwise, X is the number of snow lands its controller controls. Y is equal to X or to enchanted creature's toughness minus 1, whichever is smaller."	G	G	Ice Age	264	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Stampede	1GG	3	Instant	Attacking creatures get +1/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.	G	G	Ice Age	265	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Tarpan	G	1	Creature ? Horse	"When Tarpan dies, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Ice Age	267	common	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Touch of Vitae	2G	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gains haste and ""{0}: Untap this creature. Activate this ability only once.""
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	G	G	Ice Age	271	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Trailblazer	2GG	4	Instant	Target creature can't be blocked this turn.	G	G	Ice Age	272	rare	Julie Baroh		
Wall of Pine Needles	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{G}: Regenerate Wall of Pine Needles."	G	G	Ice Age	274	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Wiitigo	3GGG	6	Creature ? Yeti	"Wiitigo enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Wiitigo if it has blocked or been blocked since your last upkeep. Otherwise, remove a +1/+1 counter from it."	G	G	Ice Age	276	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Woolly Spider	1GG	3	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Woolly Spider blocks a creature with flying, Woolly Spider gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Ice Age	279	common	Daniel Gelon		
Yavimaya Gnats	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{G}: Regenerate Yavimaya Gnats."	G	G	Ice Age	280	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Altar of Bone	GW	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a creature card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Ice Age	281	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Centaur Archer	1RG	3	Creature ? Centaur Archer	{T}: Centaur Archer deals 1 damage to target creature with flying.	R	R	Ice Age	282	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Chromatic Armor	1WU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Chromatic Armor enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Chromatic Armor enters the battlefield with a sleight counter on it.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature by sources of the last chosen color.
{X}: Put a sleight counter on Chromatic Armor and choose a color. X is the number of sleight counters on Chromatic Armor."	W	W	Ice Age	283	rare	Mark Poole		
Earthlink	3BRG	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Earthlink unless you pay {2}.
Whenever a creature dies, that creature's controller sacrifices a land."	R	R	Ice Age	285	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Elemental Augury	UBR	3	Enchantment	"{3}: Look at the top three cards of target player's library, then put them back in any order."	U	U	Ice Age	286	rare	Anthony S. Waters		
Essence Vortex	1UB	3	Instant	Destroy target creature unless its controller pays life equal to its toughness. A creature destroyed this way can't be regenerated.	U	U	Ice Age	287	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Flooded Woodlands	2UB	4	Enchantment	Green creatures can't attack unless their controller sacrifices a land for each green creature they control that's attacking. (This cost is paid as attackers are declared.)	U	U	Ice Age	290	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Fumarole	3BR	5	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 3 life.
Destroy target creature and target land."	R	R	Ice Age	291	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Ghostly Flame	BR	2	Enchantment	Black and/or red permanents and spells are colorless sources of damage.	R	R	Ice Age	292	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Giant Trap Door Spider	1RG	3	Creature ? Spider	"{1}{R}{G}, {T}: Exile Giant Trap Door Spider and target creature without flying that's attacking you."	R	R	Ice Age	293	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Glaciers	2WU	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Glaciers unless you pay {W}{U}.
All Mountains are Plains."	W	W	Ice Age	294	rare	Mark Tedin		
Kjeldoran Frostbeast	3GW	5	Creature ? Elemental Beast	"At end of combat, destroy all creatures blocking or blocked by Kjeldoran Frostbeast."	W	W	Ice Age	296	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Monsoon	2RG	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's end step, tap all untapped Islands that player controls and Monsoon deals X damage to the player, where X is the number of Islands tapped this way."	R	R	Ice Age	298	rare	NN Thomas		
Mountain Titan	2BR	4	Creature ? Giant	"{1}{R}{R}: Until end of turn, whenever you cast a black spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Mountain Titan."	R	R	Ice Age	299	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Reclamation	2GW	4	Enchantment	Black creatures can't attack unless their controller sacrifices a land for each black creature they control that's attacking. (This cost is paid as attackers are declared.)	W	W	Ice Age	300	rare	Dameon Willich		
Spectral Shield	1WU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 and can't be the target of spells."	W	W	Ice Age	302	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Storm Spirit	3GWU	6	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Flying
{T}: Storm Spirit deals 2 damage to target creature."	W	W	Ice Age	303	rare	Pete Venters		
Wings of Aesthir	WU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has flying and first strike."	W	W	Ice Age	305	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Aegis of the Meek	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Target 1/1 creature gets +1/+2 until end of turn."			Ice Age	307	rare	Allen Williams		
Arcum's Sleigh	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target creature gains vigilance until end of turn. Activate this ability only during combat and only if defending player controls a snow land."			Ice Age	309	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Arcum's Weathervane	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target snow land is no longer snow.
{2}, {T}: Target nonsnow basic land becomes snow."			Ice Age	310	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Arcum's Whistle	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Choose target non-Wall creature the active player has controlled continuously since the beginning of the turn. That player may pay {X}, where X is that creature's converted mana cost. If they don't pay, the creature attacks this turn if able, and at the beginning of the next end step, destroy it if it didn't attack this turn. Activate this ability only before attackers are declared."			Ice Age	311	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Baton of Morale	2	2	Artifact	"{2}: Target creature gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding a player controls are blocking or being blocked by a creature, that player divides that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Ice Age	313	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Celestial Sword	6	6	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target creature you control gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Its controller sacrifices it at the beginning of the next end step."			Ice Age	314	rare	Amy Weber		
Crown of the Ages	2	2	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Attach target Aura attached to a creature to another creature."			Ice Age	315	rare	Dan Frazier		
Elkin Bottle	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Exile the top card of your library. Until the beginning of your next upkeep, you may play that card."			Ice Age	317	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Fyndhorn Bow	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."			Ice Age	318	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Goblin Lyre	3	3	Artifact	"Sacrifice Goblin Lyre: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, Goblin Lyre deals damage to target opponent or planeswalker equal to the number of creatures you control. If you lose the flip, Goblin Lyre deals damage to you equal to the number of creatures that opponent or that planeswalker's controller controls."			Ice Age	319	rare	Mike Kimble		
Hematite Talisman	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a red spell, you may pay {3}. If you do, untap target permanent."			Ice Age	320	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Infinite Hourglass	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a time counter on Infinite Hourglass.
All creatures get +1/+0 for each time counter on Infinite Hourglass.
{3}: Remove a time counter from Infinite Hourglass. Any player may activate this ability but only during any upkeep step."			Ice Age	323	rare	Harold McNeill		
Jester's Mask	5	5	Artifact	"Jester's Mask enters the battlefield tapped.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Jester's Mask: Target opponent puts the cards from their hand on top of their library. Search that player's library for that many cards. That player puts those cards into their hand, then shuffles their library."			Ice Age	325	rare	Dan Frazier		
Jeweled Amulet	0	0	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Jeweled Amulet. Note the type of mana spent to pay this activation cost. Activate this ability only if there are no charge counters on Jeweled Amulet.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Jeweled Amulet: Add one mana of Jeweled Amulet's last noted type."			Ice Age	326	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Lapis Lazuli Talisman	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a blue spell, you may pay {3}. If you do, untap target permanent."			Ice Age	327	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Malachite Talisman	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a green spell, you may pay {3}. If you do, untap target permanent."			Ice Age	328	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Nacre Talisman	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a white spell, you may pay {3}. If you do, untap target permanent."			Ice Age	329	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Naked Singularity	5	5	Artifact	"Cumulative upkeep {3} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
If tapped for mana, Plains produce {R}, Islands produce {G}, Swamps produce {W}, Mountains produce {U}, and Forests produce {B} instead of any other type."		W	Ice Age	330	rare	Mark Tedin		
Onyx Talisman	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a black spell, you may pay {3}. If you do, untap target permanent."			Ice Age	331	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Pentagram of the Ages	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."			Ice Age	332	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Runed Arch	3	3	Artifact	"Runed Arch enters the battlefield tapped.
{X}, {T}, Sacrifice Runed Arch: X target creatures with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn."			Ice Age	334	rare	Phil Foglio		
Shield of the Ages	2	2	Artifact	{2}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to you this turn.			Ice Age	335	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Skull Catapult	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Skull Catapult deals 2 damage to any target."			Ice Age	336	uncommon	Bryon Wackwitz		
Snow Fortress	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{1}: Snow Fortress gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{1}: Snow Fortress gets +0/+1 until end of turn.
{3}: Snow Fortress deals 1 damage to target creature without flying that's attacking you."			Ice Age	337	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Soldevi Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Soldevi Golem doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may untap target tapped creature an opponent controls. If you do, untap Soldevi Golem."			Ice Age	338	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Soldevi Simulacrum	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{1}: Soldevi Simulacrum gets +1/+0 until end of turn."			Ice Age	339	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Staff of the Ages	3	3	Artifact	Creatures with landwalk abilities can be blocked as though they didn't have those abilities.			Ice Age	340	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Sunstone	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, Sacrifice a snow land: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."			Ice Age	341	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Urza's Bauble	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Urza's Bauble: Look at a card at random in target player's hand. You draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."			Ice Age	343	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Wall of Shields	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Banding (If any creatures with banding you control are blocking a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by.)"			Ice Age	347	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
War Chariot	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target creature gains trample until end of turn."			Ice Age	348	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Whalebone Glider	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target creature with power 3 or less gains flying until end of turn."			Ice Age	349	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Glacial Chasm		0	Land	"Cumulative upkeep?Pay 2 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When Glacial Chasm enters the battlefield, sacrifice a land.
Creatures you control can't attack.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you."			Ice Age	353	uncommon	Liz Danforth		
Halls of Mist		0	Land	"Cumulative upkeep {1} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Creatures that attacked during their controller's last turn can't attack."			Ice Age	354	rare	Mark Poole		
Land Cap		0	Land	"Land Cap doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a depletion counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a depletion counter from Land Cap.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}. Put a depletion counter on Land Cap."		W	Ice Age	357	rare	Allen Williams		
Lava Tubes		0	Land	"Lava Tubes doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a depletion counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a depletion counter from Lava Tubes.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}. Put a depletion counter on Lava Tubes."		R	Ice Age	358	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
River Delta		0	Land	"River Delta doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a depletion counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a depletion counter from River Delta.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}. Put a depletion counter on River Delta."		U	Ice Age	359	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Timberline Ridge		0	Land	"Timberline Ridge doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a depletion counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a depletion counter from Timberline Ridge.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}. Put a depletion counter on Timberline Ridge."		R	Ice Age	361	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Veldt		0	Land	"Veldt doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a depletion counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a depletion counter from Veldt.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}. Put a depletion counter on Veldt."		W	Ice Age	363	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Order of the White Shield	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from black
{W}: Order of the White Shield gains first strike until end of turn.
{W}{W}: Order of the White Shield gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Ice Age	46	uncommon	Ruth Thompson		
Binding Grasp	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Binding Grasp unless you pay {1}{U}.
You control enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature gets +0/+1."	U	U	Ice Age	60	uncommon	Ruth Thompson		
Soldevi Machinist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard Artificer	{T}: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to activate abilities of artifacts.	U	U	Ice Age	102	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Ashen Ghoul	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Haste
{B}: Return Ashen Ghoul from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only if three or more creature cards are above Ashen Ghoul."	B	B	Ice Age	114	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Dread Wight	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"At end of combat, put a paralyzation counter on each creature blocking or blocked by Dread Wight and tap those creatures. Each of those creatures doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as it has a paralyzation counter on it. Each of those creatures gains ""{4}: Remove a paralyzation counter from this creature."""	B	B	Ice Age	122	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Minion of Leshrac	4BBB	7	Creature ? Demon Minion	"Protection from black
At the beginning of your upkeep, Minion of Leshrac deals 5 damage to you unless you sacrifice a creature other than Minion of Leshrac. If Minion of Leshrac deals damage to you this way, tap it.
{T}: Destroy target creature or land."	B	B	Ice Age	150	rare	Allen Williams		
Withering Wisps	1BB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of the end step, if no creatures are on the battlefield, sacrifice Withering Wisps.
{B}: Withering Wisps deals 1 damage to each creature and each player. Activate this ability no more times each turn than the number of snow Swamps you control."	B	B	Ice Age	168	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Elder Druid	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Cleric Druid	"{3}{G}, {T}: You may tap or untap target artifact, creature, or land."	G	G	Ice Age	232	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Stunted Growth	3GG	5	Sorcery	Target player chooses three cards from their hand and puts them on top of their library in any order.	G	G	Ice Age	266	rare	NN Thomas		
Thoughtleech	GG	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an Island an opponent controls becomes tapped, you may gain 1 life."	G	G	Ice Age	269	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Diabolic Vision	UB	2	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on top of your library in any order.	U	U	Ice Age	284	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Fire Covenant	1BR	3	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
Fire Covenant deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures."	R	R	Ice Age	289	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Hymn of Rebirth	3GW	5	Sorcery	Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	W	W	Ice Age	295	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Skeleton Ship	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? Skeleton	"When you control no Islands, sacrifice Skeleton Ship.
{T}: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."	U	U	Ice Age	301	rare	Amy Weber & Tom Wnerstrand		
Despotic Scepter	1	1	Artifact	{T}: Destroy target permanent you own. It can't be regenerated.			Ice Age	316	rare	Richard Thomas		
Ice Cauldron	4	4	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Ice Cauldron and exile a nonland card from your hand. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled. Note the type and amount of mana spent to pay this activation cost. Activate this ability only if there are no charge counters on Ice Cauldron.
{T}, Remove a charge counter from Ice Cauldron: Add Ice Cauldron's last noted type and amount of mana. Spend this mana only to cast the last card exiled with Ice Cauldron."			Ice Age	321	rare	Dan Frazier		
Time Bomb	4	4	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a time counter on Time Bomb.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Time Bomb: Time Bomb deals damage equal to the number of time counters on it to each creature and each player."			Ice Age	342	rare	Amy Weber		
Vibrating Sphere	4	4	Artifact	"As long as it's your turn, creatures you control get +2/+0.
As long as it's not your turn, creatures you control get -0/-2."			Ice Age	345	rare	Richard Thomas		
Walking Wall	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{3}: Walking Wall gets +3/-1 until end of turn and can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender. Activate this ability only once each turn."			Ice Age	346	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Zuran Orb	0	0	Artifact	Sacrifice a land: You gain 2 life.			Ice Age	350	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Ice Floe		0	Land	"You may choose not to untap Ice Floe during your untap step.
{T}: Tap target creature without flying that's attacking you. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Ice Floe remains tapped."			Ice Age	355	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Swords to Plowshares	W	1	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.	W	W	Ice Age	54	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Sleight of Mind	U	1	Instant	"Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one color word with another. (For example, you may change ""target black spell"" to ""target blue spell."" This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Ice Age	99	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Armor of Faith	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
{W}: Enchanted creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ice Age	4	common	Anson Maddocks		
Death Ward	W	1	Instant	Regenerate target creature.	W	W	Ice Age	19	common	Harold McNeill		
Heal	W	1	Instant	"Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Ice Age	30	common	Mark Tedin		
Kjeldoran Elite Guard	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. When that creature leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice Kjeldoran Elite Guard. Activate this ability only during combat."	W	W	Ice Age	34	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Kjeldoran Skycaptain	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flying; first strike; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Ice Age	39	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Lightning Blow	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Ice Age	42	rare	Harold McNeill		
Shield Bearer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Ice Age	52	common	Dan Frazier		
Warning	W	1	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target attacking creature this turn.	W	W	Ice Age	55	common	Pat Morrissey		
Balduvian Conjurer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target snow land becomes a 2/2 creature until end of turn. It's still a land.	U	U	Ice Age	58	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Enervate	1U	2	Instant	"Tap target artifact, creature, or land.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	67	common	Allen Williams		
Essence Flare	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, put a -0/-1 counter on that creature."	U	U	Ice Age	69	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Glacial Wall	2U	3	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	U	U	Ice Age	71	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Hydroblast	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target spell if it's red.
? Destroy target permanent if it's red."	U	U	Ice Age	72	common	Kaja Foglio		
Icy Prison	UU	2	Enchantment	"When Icy Prison enters the battlefield, exile target creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Icy Prison unless any player pays {3}.
When Icy Prison leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	U	U	Ice Age	74	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Illusionary Wall	4U	5	Creature ? Illusion Wall	"Defender, flying, first strike
Cumulative upkeep {U} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	U	U	Ice Age	78	common	Mark Poole		
Infuse	2U	3	Instant	"Untap target artifact, creature, or land.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	80	common	Randy Gallegos		
Krovikan Sorcerer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Discard a nonblack card: Draw a card.
{T}, Discard a black card: Draw two cards, then discard one of them."	U	U	Ice Age	81	common	Pat Morrissey		
Mistfolk	UU	2	Creature ? Illusion	{U}: Counter target spell that targets Mistfolk.	U	U	Ice Age	84	common	Quinton Hoover		
Phantasmal Mount	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion Horse	"Flying
{T}: Target creature you control with toughness 2 or less gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn. When Phantasmal Mount leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice that creature. When the creature leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice Phantasmal Mount."	U	U	Ice Age	88	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Portent	U	1	Sorcery	"Look at the top three cards of target player's library, then put them back in any order. You may have that player shuffle their library.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Ice Age	90	common	Liz Danforth		
Shyft	4U	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have Shyft become the color or colors of your choice. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Ice Age	96	rare	Richard Thomas		
Snow Devil	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Enchanted creature has first strike as long as it's blocking and you control a snow land."	U	U	Ice Age	100	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Word of Undoing	U	1	Instant	Return target creature and all white Auras you own attached to it to their owners' hands.	U	U	Ice Age	108	common	Christopher Rush		
Zuran Spellcaster	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Zuran Spellcaster deals 1 damage to any target.	U	U	Ice Age	112	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Brine Shaman	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric Shaman	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
{1}{U}{U}, Sacrifice a creature: Counter target creature spell."	B	U	Ice Age	115	common	Cornelius Brudi		
Burnt Offering	B	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Add X mana in any combination of {B} and/or {R}, where X is the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost."	B	R	Ice Age	116	common	Daniel Gelon		
Cloak of Confusion	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Whenever enchanted creature attacks and isn't blocked, you may have it assign no combat damage this turn. If you do, defending player discards a card at random."	B	B	Ice Age	117	common	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Drift of the Dead	3B	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Drift of the Dead's power and toughness are each equal to the number of snow lands you control."	B	B	Ice Age	123	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Foul Familiar	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Foul Familiar can't block.
{B}, Pay 1 life: Return Foul Familiar to its owner's hand."	B	B	Ice Age	126	common	Anson Maddocks		
Gangrenous Zombies	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{T}, Sacrifice Gangrenous Zombies: Gangrenous Zombies deals 1 damage to each creature and each player. If you control a snow Swamp, Gangrenous Zombies deals 2 damage to each creature and each player instead."	B	B	Ice Age	127	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Gravebind	B	1	Instant	"Target creature can't be regenerated this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Ice Age	129	rare	Drew Tucker		
Howl from Beyond	XB	1	Instant	Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Ice Age	132	common	Mark Poole		
Hyalopterous Lemure	4B	5	Creature ? Spirit	{0}: Hyalopterous Lemure gets -1/-0 and gains flying until end of turn.	B	B	Ice Age	133	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Icequake	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target land. If that land was a snow land, Icequake deals 1 damage to that land's controller."	B	B	Ice Age	134	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Kjeldoran Dead	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton	"When Kjeldoran Dead enters the battlefield, sacrifice a creature.
{B}: Regenerate Kjeldoran Dead."	B	B	Ice Age	137	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Krovikan Fetish	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Krovikan Fetish enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1."	B	B	Ice Age	140	common	Heather Hudson		
Legions of Lim-Dl	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	Snow swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a snow Swamp.)	B	B	Ice Age	142	common	Anson Maddocks		
Lim-Dl's Cohort	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Lim-Dl's Cohort blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, that creature can't be regenerated this turn."	B	B	Ice Age	145	common	Douglas Shuler		
Songs of the Damned	B	1	Instant	Add {B} for each creature card in your graveyard.	B	B	Ice Age	160	common	Pete Venters		
Errantry	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and can only attack alone."	R	R	Ice Age	183	common	Allen Williams		
Goblin Ski Patrol	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	{1}{R}: Goblin Ski Patrol gets +2/+0 and gains flying. Its controller sacrifices it at the beginning of the next end step. Activate this ability only once and only if you control a snow Mountain.	R	R	Ice Age	190	common	Mark Poole		
Meteor Shower	XXR	1	Sorcery	Meteor Shower deals X plus 1 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.	R	R	Ice Age	202	common	Rick Emond		
Orcish Conscripts	R	1	Creature ? Orc	"Orcish Conscripts can't attack unless at least two other creatures attack.
Orcish Conscripts can't block unless at least two other creatures block."	R	R	Ice Age	206	common	Douglas Shuler		
Orcish Farmer	1RR	3	Creature ? Orc	{T}: Target land becomes a Swamp until its controller's next untap step.	R	R	Ice Age	207	common	Dan Frazier		
Orcish Lumberjack	R	1	Creature ? Orc	"{T}, Sacrifice a Forest: Add three mana in any combination of {R} and/or {G}."	R	R	Ice Age	210	common	Dan Frazier		
Panic	R	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat before blockers are declared.
Target creature can't block this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Ice Age	212	common	Mike Kimble		
Pyroblast	R	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target spell if it's blue.
? Destroy target permanent if it's blue."	R	R	Ice Age	213	common	Kaja Foglio		
Stonehands	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2.
{R}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Ice Age	219	common	Dan Frazier		
Aurochs	3G	4	Creature ? Aurochs	"Trample
Whenever Aurochs attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Aurochs."	G	G	Ice Age	225	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Chub Toad	2G	3	Creature ? Frog	"Whenever Chub Toad blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Ice Age	229	common	Daniel Gelon		
Folk of the Pines	4G	5	Creature ? Dryad	{1}{G}: Folk of the Pines gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	G	G	Ice Age	235	common	NN Thomas & Catherine Buck		
Fyndhorn Elves	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Ice Age	244	common	Justin Hampton		
Nature's Lore	1G	2	Sorcery	Search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Ice Age	255	uncommon	Rick Emond		
Shambling Strider	4GG	6	Creature ? Yeti	{R}{G}: Shambling Strider gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	G	R	Ice Age	263	common	Douglas Shuler		
Thermokarst	1GG	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target land. If that land was a snow land, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Ice Age	268	uncommon	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Tinder Wall	G	1	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Sacrifice Tinder Wall: Add {R}{R}.
{R}, Sacrifice Tinder Wall: It deals 2 damage to target creature it's blocking."	G	R	Ice Age	270	common	Rick Emond		
Whiteout	1G	2	Instant	"All creatures lose flying until end of turn.
Sacrifice a snow land: Return Whiteout from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Ice Age	275	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Wild Growth	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional {G}."	G	G	Ice Age	277	common	Mike Raabe		
Woolly Mammoths	1GG	3	Creature ? Elephant	Woolly Mammoths has trample as long as you control a snow land.	G	G	Ice Age	278	common	Dan Frazier		
Adarkar Sentinel	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Soldier	{1}: Adarkar Sentinel gets +0/+1 until end of turn.			Ice Age	306	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Barbed Sextant	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Barbed Sextant: Add one mana of any color. Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."			Ice Age	312	common	Amy Weber		
Ainok Bond-Kin	1W	2	Creature ? Hound Soldier	"Outlast {1}{W} ({1}{W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has first strike."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	3	common	Chris Rahn		
Alabaster Kirin	3W	4	Creature ? Kirin	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	4	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Feat of Resistance	1W	2	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	10	common	David Gaillet		
Firehoof Cavalry	W	1	Creature ? Human Berserker	{3}{R}: Firehoof Cavalry gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	11	common	YW Tang		
Jeskai Student	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	14	common	David Gaillet		
Kill Shot	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target attacking creature.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	15	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Mardu Hateblade	W	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	{B}: Mardu Hateblade gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	16	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Mardu Hordechief	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Raid ? When Mardu Hordechief enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	17	common	Torstein Nordstrand		
Rush of Battle	3W	4	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. Warrior creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by those Warriors also causes their controller to gain that much life.)	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	19	common	Dan Scott		
Sage-Eye Harrier	4W	5	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
Morph {3}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	20	common	Chase Stone		
Salt Road Patrol	3W	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"Outlast {1}{W} ({1}{W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	21	common	Scott Murphy		
Seeker of the Way	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Seeker of the Way gains lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	22	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Siegecraft	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+4."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	23	common	Viktor Titov		
War Behemoth	5W	6	Creature ? Beast	Morph {4}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	29	common	Zoltan Boros		
Dragon's Eye Savants	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph?Reveal a blue card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Dragon's Eye Savants is turned face up, look at target opponent's hand."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	38	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Embodiment of Spring	U	1	Creature ? Elemental	"{1}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Embodiment of Spring: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	39	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Force Away	1U	2	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	40	common	Mark Winters		
Glacial Stalker	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	Morph {4}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	41	common	Daarken		
Jeskai Windscout	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Scout	"Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	44	common	Johann Bodin		
Monastery Flock	2U	3	Creature ? Bird	"Defender, flying
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	47	common	John Avon		
Mystic of the Hidden Way	4U	5	Creature ? Human Monk	"Mystic of the Hidden Way can't be blocked.
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	48	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Riverwheel Aerialists	5U	6	Creature ? Djinn Monk	"Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	51	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Scaldkin	3U	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{2}{R}, Sacrifice Scaldkin: It deals 2 damage to any target."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	52	common	Cliff Childs		
Singing Bell Strike	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Singing Bell Strike enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
Enchanted creature has ""{6}: Untap this creature."""	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	55	common	Chase Stone		
Taigam's Scheming	1U	2	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	57	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Weave Fate	3U	4	Instant	Draw two cards.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	61	common	Zack Stella		
Wetland Sambar	1U	2	Creature ? Elk		U	U	Khans of Tarkir	62	common	James Zapata		
Whirlwind Adept	4U	5	Creature ? Djinn Monk	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	63	common	Steve Argyle		
Bitter Revelation	3B	4	Sorcery	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. You lose 2 life.	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	65	common	Viktor Titov		
Debilitating Injury	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-2."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	68	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Disowned Ancestor	B	1	Creature ? Spirit Warrior	"Outlast {1}{B} ({1}{B}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	70	common	Zack Stella		
Kheru Dreadmaw	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Crocodile	"Defender
{1}{G}, Sacrifice another creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."	B	G	Khans of Tarkir	76	common	Ryan Yee		
Krumar Bond-Kin	3BB	5	Creature ? Orc Warrior	Morph {4}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	77	common	Kev Walker		
Mardu Skullhunter	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Mardu Skullhunter enters the battlefield tapped.
Raid ? When Mardu Skullhunter enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, target opponent discards a card."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	78	common	Jason Rainville		
Molting Snakeskin	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has ""{2}{B}: Regenerate this creature."""	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	80	common	YW Tang		
Rakshasa's Secret	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent discards two cards. Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	84	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Rite of the Serpent	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. If that creature had a +1/+1 counter on it, create a 1/1 green Snake creature token."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	86	common	Seb McKinnon		
Rotting Mastodon	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Elephant		B	B	Khans of Tarkir	87	common	Nils Hamm		
Ruthless Ripper	B	1	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Deathtouch
Morph?Reveal a black card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Ruthless Ripper is turned face up, target player loses 2 life."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	88	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Shambling Attendants	7B	8	Creature ? Zombie	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	89	common	Daarken		
Sidisi's Pet	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Ape	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Morph {1}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	90	common	Evan Shipard		
Sultai Scavenger	5B	6	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Flying"	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	91	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Unyielding Krumar	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Warrior	{1}{W}: Unyielding Krumar gains first strike until end of turn.	B	W	Khans of Tarkir	94	common	Viktor Titov		
Ainok Tracker	5R	6	Creature ? Hound Scout	"First strike
Morph {4}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	96	common	Evan Shipard		
Arrow Storm	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Arrow Storm deals 4 damage to any target.
Raid ? If you attacked with a creature this turn, instead Arrow Storm deals 5 damage to that permanent or player and the damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	98	common	Steve Prescott		
Barrage of Boulders	2R	3	Sorcery	"Barrage of Boulders deals 1 damage to each creature you don't control.
Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, creatures can't block this turn."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	100	common	Zoltan Boros		
Bloodfire Expert	2R	3	Creature ? Efreet Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	101	common	Raymond Swanland		
Bloodfire Mentor	2R	3	Creature ? Efreet Shaman	"{2}{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	R	U	Khans of Tarkir	102	common	Chase Stone		
Bring Low	3R	4	Instant	"Bring Low deals 3 damage to target creature. If that creature has a +1/+1 counter on it, Bring Low deals 5 damage to it instead."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	103	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Canyon Lurkers	4R	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	Morph {3}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	105	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Hordeling Outburst	1RR	3	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	111	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Leaping Master	1R	2	Creature ? Human Monk	{2}{W}: Leaping Master gains flying until end of turn.	R	W	Khans of Tarkir	114	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Mardu Warshrieker	3R	4	Creature ? Orc Shaman	"Raid ? When Mardu Warshrieker enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, add {R}{W}{B}."	R	W	Khans of Tarkir	117	common	Yefim Kligerman		
Swift Kick	3R	4	Instant	Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. It fights target creature you don't control.	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	122	common	Mathias Kollros		
Valley Dasher	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Haste
Valley Dasher attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	125	common	Matt Stewart		
Alpine Grizzly	2G	3	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Khans of Tarkir	127	common	John Severin Brassell		
Archers' Parapet	1G	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{1}{B}, {T}: Each opponent loses 1 life."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	128	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Awaken the Bear	2G	3	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	129	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Dragonscale Boon	3G	4	Instant	Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature and untap it.	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	131	common	Mark Winters		
Feed the Clan	1G	2	Instant	"You gain 5 life.
Ferocious ? You gain 10 life instead if you control a creature with power 4 or greater."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	132	common	Winona Nelson		
Hooting Mandrills	5G	6	Creature ? Ape	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Trample"	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	137	common	Mike Bierek		
Kin-Tree Warden	G	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"{2}: Regenerate Kin-Tree Warden.
Morph {G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	139	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Longshot Squad	3G	4	Creature ? Hound Archer	"Outlast {1}{G} ({1}{G}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has reach. (A creature with reach can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	140	common	Wesley Burt		
Sagu Archer	4G	5	Creature ? Naga Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Morph {4}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	146	common	Steven Belledin		
Savage Punch	1G	2	Sorcery	"Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control.
Ferocious ? The creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn before it fights if you control a creature with power 4 or greater."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	147	common	Wesley Burt		
Scout the Borders	2G	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature or land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	148	common	James Paick		
Smoke Teller	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	{1}{U}: Look at target face-down creature.	G	U	Khans of Tarkir	151	common	Min Yum		
Tusked Colossodon	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Khans of Tarkir	155	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Woolly Loxodon	5GG	7	Creature ? Elephant Warrior	Morph {5}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	158	common	Karla Ortiz		
Abomination of Gudul	3BGU	6	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
Whenever Abomination of Gudul deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
Morph {2}{B}{G}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	159	common	Erica Yang		
Abzan Guide	3WBG	6	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Morph {2}{W}{B}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	162	common	Steve Prescott		
Efreet Weaponmaster	3URW	6	Creature ? Efreet Monk	"First strike
When Efreet Weaponmaster enters the battlefield or is turned face up, another target creature you control gets +3/+0 until end of turn.
Morph {2}{U}{R}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	175	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Ponyback Brigade	3RWB	6	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"When Ponyback Brigade enters the battlefield or is turned face up, create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.
Morph {2}{R}{W}{B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	191	common	Mark Zug		
Snowhorn Rider	3GUR	6	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
Morph {2}{G}{U}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	201	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Abzan Banner	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W}, {B}, or {G}.
{W}{B}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Abzan Banner: Draw a card."		W	Khans of Tarkir	215	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Jeskai Banner	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U}, {R}, or {W}.
{U}{R}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Jeskai Banner: Draw a card."		W	Khans of Tarkir	222	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Lens of Clarity	1	1	Artifact	You may look at the top card of your library and at face-down creatures you don't control any time.			Khans of Tarkir	223	common	Raymond Swanland		
Mardu Banner	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R}, {W}, or {B}.
{R}{W}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Mardu Banner: Draw a card."		W	Khans of Tarkir	224	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Sultai Banner	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B}, {G}, or {U}.
{B}{G}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Sultai Banner: Draw a card."		U	Khans of Tarkir	225	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Temur Banner	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G}, {U}, or {R}.
{G}{U}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Temur Banner: Draw a card."		U	Khans of Tarkir	226	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Abzan Battle Priest	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Outlast {W} ({W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has lifelink."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	1	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Abzan Falconer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Outlast {W} ({W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	2	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Brave the Sands	1W	2	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have vigilance.
Each creature you control can block an additional creature each combat."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	5	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Dazzling Ramparts	4W	5	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{1}{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	6	uncommon	Jung Park		
End Hostilities	3WW	5	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures and all permanents attached to creatures.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	8	rare	Jason Rainville		
Herald of Anafenza	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Outlast {2}{W} ({2}{W}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Whenever you activate Herald of Anafenza's outlast ability, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	12	rare	Aaron Miller		
High Sentinels of Arashin	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
High Sentinels of Arashin gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.
{3}{W}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	13	rare	James Ryman		
Master of Pearls	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Morph {3}{W}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Master of Pearls is turned face up, creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	18	rare	David Gaillet		
Suspension Field	1W	2	Enchantment	"When Suspension Field enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature with toughness 3 or greater until Suspension Field leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	25	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Take Up Arms	4W	5	Instant	Create three 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	26	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Timely Hordemate	3W	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Raid ? When Timely Hordemate enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	27	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Venerable Lammasu	6W	7	Creature ? Lammasu	Flying	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	28	uncommon	YW Tang		
Watcher of the Roost	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Morph?Reveal a white card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Watcher of the Roost is turned face up, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	30	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Blinding Spray	4U	5	Instant	"Creatures your opponents control get -4/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	32	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Icy Blast	XU	1	Instant	"Tap X target creatures.
Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, those creatures don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	42	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Jeskai Elder	1U	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Jeskai Elder deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	43	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Kheru Spellsnatcher	3U	4	Creature ? Naga Wizard	"Morph {4}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Kheru Spellsnatcher is turned face up, counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost for as long as it remains exiled."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	45	rare	Clint Cearley		
Mistfire Weaver	3U	4	Creature ? Djinn Wizard	"Flying
Morph {2}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Mistfire Weaver is turned face up, target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	46	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Quiet Contemplation	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, tap target creature an opponent controls and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	50	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Scion of Glaciers	2UU	4	Creature ? Elemental	{U}: Scion of Glaciers gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	53	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Set Adrift	5U	6	Sorcery	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	54	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Thousand Winds	4UU	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Morph {5}{U}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Thousand Winds is turned face up, return all other tapped creatures to their owners' hands."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	58	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Waterwhirl	4UU	6	Instant	Return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	60	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Bellowing Saddlebrute	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Raid ? When Bellowing Saddlebrute enters the battlefield, you lose 4 life unless you attacked with a creature this turn."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	64	uncommon	Torstein Nordstrand		
Bloodsoaked Champion	B	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Bloodsoaked Champion can't block.
Raid ? {1}{B}: Return Bloodsoaked Champion from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only if you attacked with a creature this turn."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	66	rare	Aaron Miller		
Grim Haruspex	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Morph {B} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, draw a card."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	73	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Gurmag Swiftwing	1B	2	Creature ? Bat	"Flying, first strike, haste"	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	74	uncommon	Jeff Simpson		
Kheru Bloodsucker	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever a creature you control with toughness 4 or greater dies, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
{2}{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Kheru Bloodsucker."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	75	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Mer-Ek Nightblade	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Assassin	"Outlast {B} ({B}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has deathtouch."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	79	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Murderous Cut	4B	5	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Destroy target creature."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	81	uncommon	Yohann Schepacz		
Necropolis Fiend	7BB	9	Creature ? Demon	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Flying
{X}, {T}, Exile X cards from your graveyard: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	82	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Raiders' Spoils	3B	4	Enchantment	"Creatures you control get +1/+0.
Whenever a Warrior you control deals combat damage to a player, you may pay 1 life. If you do, draw a card."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	83	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Retribution of the Ancients	B	1	Enchantment	"{B}, Remove X +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	85	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Swarm of Bloodflies	4B	5	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Swarm of Bloodflies enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Swarm of Bloodflies."	B	B	Khans of Tarkir	92	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Burn Away	4R	5	Instant	"Burn Away deals 6 damage to target creature. When that creature dies this turn, exile all cards from its controller's graveyard."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	104	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Crater's Claws	XR	1	Sorcery	"Crater's Claws deals X damage to any target.
Ferocious ? Crater's Claws deals X plus 2 damage to that permanent or player instead if you control a creature with power 4 or greater."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	106	rare	Noah Bradley		
Dragon Grip	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Ferocious ? If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may cast Dragon Grip as though it had flash. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has first strike."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	107	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Dragon-Style Twins	3RR	5	Creature ? Human Monk	"Double strike
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	108	rare	Wesley Burt		
Goblinslide	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	109	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Horde Ambusher	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Whenever Horde Ambusher blocks, it deals 1 damage to you.
Morph?Reveal a red card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Horde Ambusher is turned face up, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	110	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Howl of the Horde	2R	3	Sorcery	"When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Raid ? If you attacked with a creature this turn, when you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell an additional time. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	112	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Jeering Instigator	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Morph {2}{R} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Jeering Instigator is turned face up, if it's your turn, gain control of another target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	113	rare	Willian Murai		
Mardu Blazebringer	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"When Mardu Blazebringer attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	115	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Mardu Heart-Piercer	3R	4	Creature ? Human Archer	"Raid ? When Mardu Heart-Piercer enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, Mardu Heart-Piercer deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	116	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
War-Name Aspirant	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Raid ? War-Name Aspirant enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you attacked with a creature this turn.
War-Name Aspirant can't be blocked by creatures with power 1 or less."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	126	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Become Immense	5G	6	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Target creature gets +6/+6 until end of turn."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	130	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Heir of the Wilds	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Deathtouch
Ferocious ? Whenever Heir of the Wilds attacks, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Heir of the Wilds gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	134	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Meandering Towershell	3GG	5	Creature ? Turtle	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Whenever Meandering Towershell attacks, exile it. Return it to the battlefield under your control tapped and attacking at the beginning of the declare attackers step on your next turn."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	141	rare	YW Tang		
Pine Walker	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Morph {4}{G} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
Whenever Pine Walker or another creature you control is turned face up, untap that creature."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	143	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Rattleclaw Mystic	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{T}: Add {G}, {U}, or {R}.
Morph {2} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Rattleclaw Mystic is turned face up, add {G}{U}{R}."	G	U	Khans of Tarkir	144	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Roar of Challenge	2G	3	Sorcery	"All creatures able to block target creature this turn do so.
Ferocious ? That creature gains indestructible until end of turn if you control a creature with power 4 or greater."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	145	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Sultai Flayer	3G	4	Creature ? Naga Shaman	"Whenever a creature you control with toughness 4 or greater dies, you gain 4 life."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	152	uncommon	Izzy		
Temur Charger	1G	2	Creature ? Horse	"Morph?Reveal a green card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Temur Charger is turned face up, target creature gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	153	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Trail of Mystery	1G	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a face-down creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, if it's a creature, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	154	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Tuskguard Captain	2G	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Outlast {G} ({G}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	156	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Abzan Ascendancy	WBG	3	Enchantment	"When Abzan Ascendancy enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.
Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	160	rare	Mark Winters		
Abzan Charm	WBG	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Exile target creature with power 3 or greater.
? You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.
? Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	161	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Ankle Shanker	2RWB	5	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Haste
Whenever Ankle Shanker attacks, creatures you control gain first strike and deathtouch until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	164	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Armament Corps	2WBG	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Armament Corps enters the battlefield, distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures you control."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	165	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Avalanche Tusker	2GUR	5	Creature ? Elephant Warrior	"Whenever Avalanche Tusker attacks, target creature defending player controls blocks it this combat if able."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	166	rare	Matt Stewart		
Bear's Companion	2GUR	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Bear's Companion enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 green Bear creature token."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	167	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Butcher of the Horde	1RWB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Sacrifice another creature: Butcher of the Horde gains your choice of vigilance, lifelink, or haste until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	168	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Chief of the Edge	WB	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Other Warrior creatures you control get +1/+0.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	169	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Chief of the Scale	WB	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	Other Warrior creatures you control get +0/+1.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	170	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Crackling Doom	RWB	3	Instant	Crackling Doom deals 2 damage to each opponent. Each opponent sacrifices a creature with the greatest power among creatures that player controls.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	171	rare	Yohann Schepacz		
Death Frenzy	3BG	5	Sorcery	"All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. Whenever a creature dies this turn, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	172	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Duneblast	4WBG	7	Sorcery	Choose up to one creature. Destroy the rest.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	174	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Flying Crane Technique	3URW	6	Instant	Untap all creatures you control. They gain flying and double strike until end of turn.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	176	rare	Jack Wang		
Highspire Mantis	2RW	4	Creature ? Insect	"Flying, trample"	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	177	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Icefeather Aven	GU	2	Creature ? Bird Shaman	"Flying
Morph {1}{G}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
When Icefeather Aven is turned face up, you may return another target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	178	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Ivorytusk Fortress	2WBG	5	Creature ? Elephant	Untap each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it during each other player's untap step.	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	179	rare	Jasper Sandner		
Jeskai Ascendancy	URW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap those creatures.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	180	rare	Dan Scott		
Jeskai Charm	URW	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Put target creature on top of its owner's library.
? Jeskai Charm deals 4 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.
? Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	181	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Kheru Lich Lord	3BGU	6	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {2}{B}. If you do, return a creature card at random from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains flying, trample, and haste. Exile that card at the beginning of your next end step. If it would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	182	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Kin-Tree Invocation	BG	2	Sorcery	"Create an X/X black and green Spirit Warrior creature token, where X is the greatest toughness among creatures you control."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	183	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Mardu Ascendancy	RWB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control attacks, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token that's tapped and attacking.
Sacrifice Mardu Ascendancy: Creatures you control get +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	185	rare	Jason Chan		
Mardu Charm	RWB	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Mardu Charm deals 4 damage to target creature.
? Create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. They gain first strike until end of turn.
? Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	186	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Mardu Roughrider	2RWB	5	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Whenever Mardu Roughrider attacks, target creature can't block this turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	187	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Master the Way	3UR	5	Sorcery	Draw a card. Master the Way deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards in your hand.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	188	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Mindswipe	XUR	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. Mindswipe deals X damage to that spell's controller.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	189	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Rakshasa Deathdealer	BG	2	Creature ? Cat Demon	"{B}{G}: Rakshasa Deathdealer gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
{B}{G}: Regenerate Rakshasa Deathdealer."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	192	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Sage of the Inward Eye	2URW	5	Creature ? Djinn Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	195	rare	Chase Stone		
Sagu Mauler	4GU	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample, hexproof
Morph {3}{G}{U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	196	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Savage Knuckleblade	GUR	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"{2}{G}: Savage Knuckleblade gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.
{2}{U}: Return Savage Knuckleblade to its owner's hand.
{R}: Savage Knuckleblade gains haste until end of turn."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	197	rare	Chris Rahn		
Secret Plans	GU	2	Enchantment	"Face-down creatures you control get +0/+1.
Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, draw a card."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	198	uncommon	Daarken		
Siege Rhino	1WBG	4	Creature ? Rhino	"Trample
When Siege Rhino enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	200	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Sultai Ascendancy	BGU	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top two cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	203	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Sultai Charm	BGU	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target monocolored creature.
? Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
? Draw two cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	204	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Sultai Soothsayer	2BGU	5	Creature ? Naga Shaman	"When Sultai Soothsayer enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	205	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Temur Ascendancy	GUR	3	Enchantment	"Creatures you control have haste.
Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	207	rare	Jaime Jones		
Temur Charm	GUR	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. It fights target creature you don't control.
? Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}.
? Creatures with power 3 or less can't block this turn."	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	208	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Baffling End	1W	2	Enchantment	"When Baffling End enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls with converted mana cost 3 or less.
When Baffling End leaves the battlefield, target opponent creates a 3/3 green Dinosaur creature token with trample."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	1	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Bishop of Binding	3W	4	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"When Bishop of Binding enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Bishop of Binding leaves the battlefield.
Whenever Bishop of Binding attacks, target Vampire gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the power of the exiled card."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	2	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Blazing Hope	W	1	Instant	Exile target creature with power greater than or equal to your life total.	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	3	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Everdawn Champion	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Everdawn Champion.	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	6	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Famished Paladin	1W	2	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Famished Paladin doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever you gain life, untap Famished Paladin."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	8	uncommon	Tommy Arnold		
Forerunner of the Legion	2W	3	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"When Forerunner of the Legion enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Vampire card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Whenever another Vampire enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	9	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Imperial Ceratops	4W	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Imperial Ceratops is dealt damage, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	10	uncommon	Bayard Wu		
Majestic Heliopterus	3W	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Flying
Whenever Majestic Heliopterus attacks, another target Dinosaur you control gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	13	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Paladin of Atonement	1W	2	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"At the beginning of each upkeep, if you lost life last turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Paladin of Atonement.
When Paladin of Atonement dies, you gain life equal to its toughness."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	16	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Pride of Conquerors	1W	2	Instant	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If you have the city's blessing, those creatures get +2/+2 until end of turn instead."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	17	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Radiant Destiny	2W	3	Enchantment	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
As Radiant Destiny enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1. As long as you have the city's blessing, they also have vigilance."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	18	rare	Emrah Elmasli		
Skymarcher Aspirant	W	1	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Skymarcher Aspirant has flying as long as you have the city's blessing."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	21	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Slaughter the Strong	1WW	3	Sorcery	"Each player chooses any number of creatures they control with total power 4 or less, then sacrifices all other creatures they control."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	22	rare	Randy Vargas		
Sphinx's Decree	1W	2	Sorcery	Each opponent can't cast instant or sorcery spells during that player's next turn.	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	24	rare	Daarken		
Temple Altisaur	4W	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"If a source would deal damage to another Dinosaur you control, prevent all but 1 of that damage."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	28	rare	Daarken		
Trapjaw Tyrant	3WW	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Trapjaw Tyrant is dealt damage, exile target creature an opponent controls until Trapjaw Tyrant leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	29	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Zetalpa, Primal Dawn"	6WW	8	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dinosaur	"Flying, double strike, vigilance, trample, indestructible"	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	30	rare	Chris Rallis		
Admiral's Order	1UU	3	Instant	"Raid ? If you attacked with a creature this turn, you may pay {U} rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	31	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Aquatic Incursion	3U	4	Enchantment	"When Aquatic Incursion enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Merfolk creature tokens with hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
{3}{U}: Target Merfolk can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	32	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Crafty Cutpurse	3U	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flash
When Crafty Cutpurse enters the battlefield, each token that would be created under an opponent's control this turn is created under your control instead."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	33	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Curious Obsession	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.""
At the beginning of your end step, if you didn't attack with a creature this turn, sacrifice Curious Obsession."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	35	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Expel from Orazca	1U	2	Instant	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. If you have the city's blessing, you may put that permanent on top of its owner's library instead."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	37	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Flood of Recollection	UU	2	Sorcery	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Flood of Recollection.	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	38	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Hornswoggle	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target creature spell. You create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	39	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Induced Amnesia	2U	3	Enchantment	"When Induced Amnesia enters the battlefield, target player exiles all cards from their hand face down, then draws that many cards.
When Induced Amnesia is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return the exiled cards to their owner's hand."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	40	rare	Chris Rallis		
Kumena's Awakening	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, each player draws a card. If you have the city's blessing, instead only you draw a card."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	42	rare	Zack Stella		
"Nezahal, Primal Tide"	5UU	7	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dinosaur	"Nezahal, Primal Tide can't be countered.
You have no maximum hand size.
Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, draw a card.
Discard three cards: Exile Nezahal. Return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	45	rare	Sam Burley		
Release to the Wind	2U	3	Instant	"Exile target nonland permanent. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	46	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Riverwise Augur	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Riverwise Augur enters the battlefield, draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	48	uncommon	Alayna Danner		
Seafloor Oracle	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever a Merfolk you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	51	rare	Simon Dominic		
Silvergill Adept	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a Merfolk card from your hand or pay {3}.
When Silvergill Adept enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	53	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Siren Reaver	3U	4	Creature ? Siren Pirate	"Raid ? This spell costs {1} less to cast if you attacked with a creature this turn.
Flying"	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	54	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Slippery Scoundrel	2U	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
As long as you have the city's blessing, Slippery Scoundrel has hexproof and can't be blocked."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	55	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Timestream Navigator	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate Wizard	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
{2}{U}{U}, {T}, Put Timestream Navigator on the bottom of its owner's library: Take an extra turn after this one. Activate this ability only if you have the city's blessing."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	59	mythic	Zezhou Chen		
Warkite Marauder	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
Whenever Warkite Marauder attacks, target creature defending player controls loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 0/1 until end of turn."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	60	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Arterial Flow	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Each opponent discards two cards. If you control a Vampire, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	62	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Champion of Dusk	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"When Champion of Dusk enters the battlefield, you draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of Vampires you control."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	64	rare	Josh Hass		
Dead Man's Chest	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature an opponent controls
When enchanted creature dies, exile cards equal to its power from the top of its owner's library. You may cast nonland cards from among them for as long as they remain exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast those spells."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	66	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Dire Fleet Poisoner	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flash
Deathtouch
When Dire Fleet Poisoner enters the battlefield, target attacking Pirate you control gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	68	rare	Ben Maier		
Forerunner of the Coalition	2B	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Forerunner of the Coalition enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Pirate card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Whenever another Pirate enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	72	uncommon	James Ryman		
Golden Demise	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. If you have the city's blessing, instead only creatures your opponents control get -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	73	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Mastermind's Acquisition	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
? Choose a card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	77	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Mausoleum Harpy	4B	5	Creature ? Harpy	"Flying
Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Whenever another creature you control dies, if you have the city's blessing, put a +1/+1 counter on Mausoleum Harpy."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	78	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Oathsworn Vampire	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Oathsworn Vampire enters the battlefield tapped.
You may cast Oathsworn Vampire from your graveyard if you gained life this turn."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	80	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Pitiless Plunderer	3B	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Whenever another creature you control dies, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	81	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Ravenous Chupacabra	2BB	4	Creature ? Beast Horror	"When Ravenous Chupacabra enters the battlefield, destroy target creature an opponent controls."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	82	uncommon	Daarken		
Reaver Ambush	2B	3	Instant	Exile target creature with power 3 or less.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	83	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Sadistic Skymarcher	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a Vampire card from your hand or pay {1}.
Flying, lifelink"	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	85	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
"Tetzimoc, Primal Death"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dinosaur	"Deathtouch
{B}, Reveal Tetzimoc, Primal Death from your hand: Put a prey counter on target creature. Activate this ability only during your turn.
When Tetzimoc enters the battlefield, destroy each creature your opponents control with a prey counter on it."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	86	rare	Zack Stella		
Tomb Robber	2B	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Menace
{1}, Discard a card: Tomb Robber explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	87	rare	Xi Zhang		
Twilight Prophet	2BB	4	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"Flying
Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have the city's blessing, reveal the top card of your library and put it into your hand. Each opponent loses X life and you gain X life, where X is that card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	88	mythic	Seb McKinnon		
Vona's Hunger	2B	3	Instant	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Each opponent sacrifices a creature. If you have the city's blessing, instead each opponent sacrifices half the creatures they control, rounded up."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	90	rare	Zack Stella		
Blood Sun	2R	3	Enchantment	"When Blood Sun enters the battlefield, draw a card.
All lands lose all abilities except mana abilities."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	92	rare	Emrah Elmasli		
Brass's Bounty	6R	7	Sorcery	"For each land you control, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	94	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Charging Tuskodon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample
If Charging Tuskodon would deal combat damage to a player, it deals double that damage to that player instead."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	97	uncommon	Izzy		
Daring Buccaneer	R	1	Creature ? Human Pirate	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a Pirate card from your hand or pay {2}."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	98	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Dire Fleet Daredevil	1R	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"First strike
When Dire Fleet Daredevil enters the battlefield, exile target instant or sorcery card from an opponent's graveyard. You may cast that card this turn, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell. If that card would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	99	rare	Zoltan Boros		
"Etali, Primal Storm"	4RR	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dinosaur	"Whenever Etali, Primal Storm attacks, exile the top card of each player's library, then you may cast any number of nonland cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	100	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Forerunner of the Empire	3R	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Forerunner of the Empire enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Dinosaur card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Whenever a Dinosaur enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Forerunner of the Empire deal 1 damage to each creature."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	102	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Form of the Dinosaur	4RR	6	Enchantment	"When Form of the Dinosaur enters the battlefield, your life total becomes 15.
At the beginning of your upkeep, Form of the Dinosaur deals 15 damage to target creature an opponent controls and that creature deals damage equal to its power to you."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	103	rare	Daarken		
Needletooth Raptor	3R	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Needletooth Raptor is dealt damage, it deals 5 damage to target creature an opponent controls."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	107	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Pirate's Pillage	3R	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards and create two colorless Treasure artifact tokens with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	109	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Reckless Rage	R	1	Instant	Reckless Rage deals 4 damage to target creature you don't control and 2 damage to target creature you control.	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	110	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Rekindling Phoenix	2RR	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Rekindling Phoenix dies, create a 0/1 red Elemental creature token with ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature and return target card named Rekindling Phoenix from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste until end of turn."""	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	111	mythic	Jason Rainville		
See Red	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has first strike.
At the beginning of your end step, if you didn't attack with a creature this turn, sacrifice See Red."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	112	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Shake the Foundations	2R	3	Instant	"Shake the Foundations deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.
Draw a card."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	113	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Silverclad Ferocidons	5RR	7	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Silverclad Ferocidons is dealt damage, each opponent sacrifices a permanent."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	115	rare	Simon Dominic		
Storm Fleet Swashbuckler	1R	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Storm Fleet Swashbuckler has double strike as long as you have the city's blessing."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	117	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Tilonalli's Summoner	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Whenever Tilonalli's Summoner attacks, you may pay {X}{R}. If you do, create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens that are tapped and attacking. At the beginning of the next end step, exile those tokens unless you have the city's blessing."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	121	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Cacophodon	3G	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Cacophodon is dealt damage, untap target permanent."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	123	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Cherished Hatchling	1G	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"When Cherished Hatchling dies, you may cast Dinosaur spells this turn as though they had flash, and whenever you cast a Dinosaur spell this turn, it gains ""When this creature enters the battlefield, you may have it fight another target creature."""	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	124	uncommon	Sam Rowan		
Crested Herdcaller	3GG	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample
When Crested Herdcaller enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 green Dinosaur creature token with trample."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	126	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Deeproot Elite	1G	2	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"Whenever another Merfolk enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target Merfolk you control."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	127	rare	Winona Nelson		
Enter the Unknown	G	1	Sorcery	"Target creature you control explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on the creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)
You may play an additional land this turn."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	128	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Forerunner of the Heralds	3G	4	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"When Forerunner of the Heralds enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Merfolk card, reveal it, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.
Whenever another Merfolk enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Forerunner of the Heralds."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	129	uncommon	Chris Seaman		
"Ghalta, Primal Hunger"	10GG	12	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dinosaur	"This spell costs {X} less to cast, where X is the total power of creatures you control.
Trample"	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	130	rare	Chase Stone		
Jadelight Ranger	1GG	3	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"When Jadelight Ranger enters the battlefield, it explores, then it explores again. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard. Then repeat this process.)"	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	136	rare	Jason Rainville		
Path of Discovery	3G	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on the creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	142	rare	Howard Lyon		
Polyraptor	6GG	8	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Polyraptor is dealt damage, create a token that's a copy of Polyraptor."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	144	mythic	Mark Behm		
Strength of the Pack	4GG	6	Sorcery	Put two +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	145	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Swift Warden	1GG	3	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"Flash
When Swift Warden enters the battlefield, target Merfolk you control gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	146	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Tendershoot Dryad	4G	5	Creature ? Dryad	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Saprolings you control get +2/+2 as long as you have the city's blessing."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	147	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Thrashing Brontodon	1GG	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"{1}, Sacrifice Thrashing Brontodon: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	148	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Thunderherd Migration	1G	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a Dinosaur card from your hand or pay {1}.
Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	149	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Wayward Swordtooth	2G	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Wayward Swordtooth can't attack or block unless you have the city's blessing."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	150	rare	Chris Rahn		
World Shaper	3G	4	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"Whenever World Shaper attacks, you may put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.
When World Shaper dies, put all land cards from your graveyard onto the battlefield tapped."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	151	rare	Raymond Swanland		
"Angrath, the Flame-Chained"	3BR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Angrath	"+1: Each opponent discards a card and loses 2 life.
?3: Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step if it has converted mana cost 3 or less.
?8: Each opponent loses life equal to the number of cards in their graveyard."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	152	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Atzocan Seer	1GW	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
Sacrifice Atzocan Seer: Return target Dinosaur card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	153	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
"Azor, the Lawbringer"	2WWUU	6	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Azor, the Lawbringer enters the battlefield, each opponent can't cast instant or sorcery spells during that player's next turn.
Whenever Azor attacks, you may pay {X}{W}{U}{U}. If you do, you gain X life and draw X cards."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	154	mythic	Ryan Pancoast		
Deadeye Brawler	2UB	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Deathtouch
Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Whenever Deadeye Brawler deals combat damage to a player, if you have the city's blessing, draw a card."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	155	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Dire Fleet Neckbreaker	2BR	4	Creature ? Orc Pirate	Attacking Pirates you control get +2/+0.	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	156	uncommon	Daarken		
"Elenda, the Dusk Rose"	2WB	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Lifelink
Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Elenda, the Dusk Rose.
When Elenda dies, create X 1/1 white Vampire creature tokens with lifelink, where X is Elenda's power."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	157	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Huatli, Radiant Champion"	2GW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Huatli	"+1: Put a loyalty counter on Huatli, Radiant Champion for each creature you control.
?1: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."""	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	159	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Jungle Creeper	1BG	3	Creature ? Elemental	{3}{B}{G}: Return Jungle Creeper from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	161	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
"Kumena, Tyrant of Orazca"	1GU	3	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"Tap another untapped Merfolk you control: Kumena, Tyrant of Orazca can't be blocked this turn.
Tap three untapped Merfolk you control: Draw a card.
Tap five untapped Merfolk you control: Put a +1/+1 counter on each Merfolk you control."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	162	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Legion Lieutenant	WB	2	Creature ? Vampire Knight	Other Vampires you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	163	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Merfolk Mistbinder	GU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	Other Merfolk you control get +1/+1.	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	164	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Protean Raider	1UR	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter Pirate	"Raid ? If you attacked with a creature this turn, you may have Protean Raider enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	167	rare	Izzy		
Raging Regisaur	2RG	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Whenever Raging Regisaur attacks, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	168	uncommon	Bayard Wu		
Relentless Raptor	RW	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Vigilance
Relentless Raptor attacks or blocks each combat if able."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	169	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Resplendent Griffin	1WU	3	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Whenever Resplendent Griffin attacks, if you have the city's blessing, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	170	uncommon	Sam Rowan		
Siegehorn Ceratops	GW	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Siegehorn Ceratops is dealt damage, put two +1/+1 counters on it. (It must survive the damage to get the counters.)"	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	171	rare	Filip Burburan		
Storm Fleet Sprinter	1UR	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Haste
Storm Fleet Sprinter can't be blocked."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	172	uncommon	G-host Lee		
"Zacama, Primal Calamity"	6RGW	9	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dinosaur	"Vigilance, reach, trample
When Zacama, Primal Calamity enters the battlefield, if you cast it, untap all lands you control.
{2}{R}: Zacama deals 3 damage to target creature.
{2}{G}: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
{2}{W}: You gain 3 life."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	174	mythic	Jaime Jones		
Awakened Amalgam	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Awakened Amalgam's power and toughness are each equal to the number of differently named lands you control.			Rivals of Ixalan	175	rare	Zack Stella		
Captain's Hook	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0, has menace, and is a Pirate in addition to its other creature types.
Whenever Captain's Hook becomes unattached from a permanent, destroy that permanent.
Equip {1}"			Rivals of Ixalan	177	rare	Sara Winters		
The Immortal Sun	6	6	Legendary Artifact	"Players can't activate planeswalkers' loyalty abilities.
At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card.
Spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Creatures you control get +1/+1."			Rivals of Ixalan	180	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Silent Gravestone	1	1	Artifact	"Cards in graveyards can't be the targets of spells or abilities.
{4}, {T}: Exile Silent Gravestone and all cards from all graveyards. Draw a card."			Rivals of Ixalan	182	rare	Suzanne Helmigh		
"Vraska, Scheming Gorgon"	4BB	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vraska	"+2: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
?3: Destroy target creature.
?10: Until end of turn, creatures you control gain deathtouch and ""Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, that player loses the game."""	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	197	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Vraska's Conquistador	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Whenever Vraska's Conquistador attacks or blocks, if you control a Vraska planeswalker, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	199	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Vraska's Scorn	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent loses 4 life. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Vraska, Scheming Gorgon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	200	rare	James Ryman		
"Angrath, Minotaur Pirate"	4BR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Angrath	"+2: Angrath, Minotaur Pirate deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.
?3: Return target Pirate card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
?11: Destroy all creatures target opponent controls. Angrath, Minotaur Pirate deals damage to that player equal to their total power."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	201	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Angrath's Ambusher	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Pirate	Angrath's Ambusher gets +2/+0 as long as you control an Angrath planeswalker.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	202	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Angrath's Fury	3BR	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. Angrath's Fury deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Angrath, Minotaur Pirate, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	204	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Defiant Strike	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	W	W	Khans of Tarkir	7	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Cancel	1UU	3	Instant	Counter target spell.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	33	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Disdainful Stroke	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell with converted mana cost 4 or greater.	U	U	Khans of Tarkir	37	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Act of Treason	2R	3	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	95	common	Min Yum		
Shatter	1R	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact.	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	120	common	Zoltan Boros		
Tormenting Voice	1R	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards."	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	123	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Trumpet Blast	2R	3	Instant	Attacking creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Khans of Tarkir	124	common	Steve Prescott		
Highland Game	1G	2	Creature ? Elk	"When Highland Game dies, you gain 2 life."	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	135	common	John Severin Brassell		
Naturalize	1G	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Khans of Tarkir	142	common	James Paick		
Hunt the Weak	3G	4	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then that creature fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Fate Reforged	133	common	Lars Grant-West		
Anticipate	1U	2	Instant	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	45	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Negate	1U	2	Instant	Counter target noncreature spell.	U	U	Dragons of Tarkir	65	common	Willian Murai		
Duress	B	1	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card."	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	98	common	Jason Rainville		
Mind Rot	2B	3	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards.	B	B	Dragons of Tarkir	110	common	Clint Cearley		
Gideon's Reproach	1W	2	Instant	Gideon's Reproach deals 4 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	30	common	Dan Scott		
Inspired Charge	2WW	4	Instant	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Battle for Zendikar	32	common	Willian Murai		
Sure Strike	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Battle for Zendikar	157	common	Jakub Kasper		
Plummet	1G	2	Instant	Destroy target creature with flying.	G	G	Battle for Zendikar	184	common	Aaron Miller		
Mighty Leap	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn.	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	28	common	Winona Nelson		
Strider Harness	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has haste.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Oath of the Gatewatch	167	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Dead Weight	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-2."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	106	common	Randy Gallegos		
Macabre Waltz	1B	2	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand, then discard a card."	B	B	Shadows over Innistrad	121	common	Willian Murai		
Dual Shot	R	1	Instant	Dual Shot deals 1 damage to each of up to two target creatures.	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	153	common	Joseph Meehan		
Rabid Bite	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.	G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	223	common	Karl Kopinski		
Thornhide Wolves	4G	5	Creature ? Wolf		G	G	Shadows over Innistrad	232	common	Scott Murphy		
Explosive Apparatus	1	1	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Explosive Apparatus: It deals 2 damage to any target."			Shadows over Innistrad	255	common	Lindsey Look		
Murder	1BB	3	Instant	Destroy target creature.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	97	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Prey Upon	G	1	Sorcery	Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Eldritch Moon	166	common	Dave Kendall		
Field Creeper	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow				Eldritch Moon	195	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Chandra's Pyrohelix	1R	2	Instant	Chandra's Pyrohelix deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets.	R	R	Kaladesh	111	common	Kieran Yanner		
Demolish	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or land.	R	R	Kaladesh	113	common	Steven Belledin		
Hijack	1RR	3	Sorcery	Gain control of target artifact or creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.	R	R	Kaladesh	118	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Shock	R	1	Instant	Shock deals 2 damage to any target.	R	R	Aether Revolt	98	common	Jason Rainville		
Druid of the Cowl	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Aether Revolt	106	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Pendulum of Patterns	2	2	Artifact	"When Pendulum of Patterns enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Pendulum of Patterns: Draw a card."			Aether Revolt	192	common	Raoul Vitale		
Essence Scatter	1U	2	Instant	Counter target creature spell.	U	U	Amonkhet	52	common	Josh Hass		
Doomed Dissenter	1B	2	Creature ? Human	"When Doomed Dissenter dies, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Amonkhet	87	common	Tony Foti		
Gravedigger	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Gravedigger enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Amonkhet	93	uncommon	Tony Foti		
Electrify	3R	4	Instant	Electrify deals 4 damage to target creature.	R	R	Amonkhet	129	common	Craig J Spearing		
Giant Spider	3G	4	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Amonkhet	166	common	Aaron Miller		
Gift of Paradise	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Gift of Paradise enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add two mana of any one color."""	G	G	Amonkhet	167	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Tattered Mummy	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Jackal	"When Tattered Mummy dies, each opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Amonkhet	278	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Crash Through	R	1	Sorcery	"Creatures you control gain trample until end of turn. (A creature with trample can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Draw a card."	R	R	Hour of Devastation	88	common	Izzy		
Gift of Strength	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains reach until end of turn.	G	G	Hour of Devastation	117	common	Kieran Yanner		
Manalith	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add one mana of any color.			Hour of Devastation	164	common	Ryan Yee		
Traveler's Amulet	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice Traveler's Amulet: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Hour of Devastation	167	common	Marco Nelor		
Cleansing Ray	1W	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target Vampire.
? Destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	4	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Divine Verdict	3W	4	Instant	Destroy target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	5	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Exultant Skymarcher	1WW	3	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	Flying	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	7	common	Ryan Yee		
Legion Conquistador	2W	3	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"When Legion Conquistador enters the battlefield, you may search your library for any number of cards named Legion Conquistador, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	11	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Luminous Bonds	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	12	common	Steve Argyle		
Martyr of Dusk	1W	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"When Martyr of Dusk dies, create a 1/1 white Vampire creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	14	common	Greg Staples		
Moment of Triumph	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. You gain 2 life.	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	15	common	Steven Belledin		
Raptor Companion	1W	2	Creature ? Dinosaur		W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	19	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Sanguine Glorifier	3W	4	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"When Sanguine Glorifier enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on another target Vampire you control."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	20	common	Sara Winters		
Snubhorn Sentry	W	1	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Snubhorn Sentry gets +3/+0 as long as you have the city's blessing."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	23	common	Aaron Miller		
Squire's Devotion	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has lifelink.
When Squire's Devotion enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Vampire creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	25	common	Winona Nelson		
Sun Sentinel	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	26	common	James Ryman		
Sun-Crested Pterodon	4W	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Flying
Sun-Crested Pterodon has vigilance as long as you control another Dinosaur."	W	W	Rivals of Ixalan	27	common	Lars Grant-West		
Crashing Tide	2U	3	Sorcery	"Crashing Tide has flash as long as you control a Merfolk.
Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	34	common	Carmen Sinek		
Deadeye Rig-Hauler	3U	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Raid ? When Deadeye Rig-Hauler enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, you may return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	36	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Kitesail Corsair	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	Kitesail Corsair has flying as long as it's attacking.	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	41	common	Greg Opalinski		
Mist-Cloaked Herald	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	Mist-Cloaked Herald can't be blocked.	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	43	common	Anthony Palumbo		
River Darter	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	River Darter can't be blocked by Dinosaurs.	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	47	common	Winona Nelson		
Sailor of Means	2U	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Sailor of Means enters the battlefield, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	49	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Sea Legs	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 as long as it's a Pirate. Otherwise, it gets -2/-0."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	50	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Secrets of the Golden City	1UU	3	Sorcery	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Draw two cards. If you have the city's blessing, draw three cards instead."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	52	common	Jason Felix		
Soul of the Rapids	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	56	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Spire Winder	3U	4	Creature ? Snake	"Flying
Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Spire Winder gets +1/+1 as long as you have the city's blessing."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	57	common	Titus Lunter		
Sworn Guardian	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior		U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	58	common	Sara Winters		
Waterknot	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Waterknot enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Rivals of Ixalan	61	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Canal Monitor	4B	5	Creature ? Lizard		B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	63	common	Zezhou Chen		
Dark Inquiry	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	65	common	Naomi Baker		
Dinosaur Hunter	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Whenever Dinosaur Hunter deals damage to a Dinosaur, destroy that creature."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	67	common	Tianhua X		
Dusk Charger	3B	4	Creature ? Horse	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
Dusk Charger gets +2/+2 as long as you have the city's blessing."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	69	common	Lucas Graciano		
Dusk Legion Zealot	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"When Dusk Legion Zealot enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	70	common	Winona Nelson		
Fathom Fleet Boarder	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Pirate	"When Fathom Fleet Boarder enters the battlefield, you lose 2 life unless you control another Pirate."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	71	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Grasping Scoundrel	B	1	Creature ? Human Pirate	Grasping Scoundrel gets +1/+0 as long as it's attacking.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	74	common	Steve Prescott		
Gruesome Fate	2B	3	Sorcery	Each opponent loses 1 life for each creature you control.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	75	common	Even Amundsen		
Impale	2BB	4	Sorcery	Destroy target creature.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	76	common	Josh Hass		
Moment of Craving	1B	2	Instant	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. You gain 2 life.	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	79	common	Steven Belledin		
Recover	2B	3	Sorcery	"Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Draw a card."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	84	common	Nils Hamm		
Vampire Revenant	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Spirit	Flying	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	89	common	Nils Hamm		
Voracious Vampire	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Menace
When Voracious Vampire enters the battlefield, target Vampire you control gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn."	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	91	common	Kieran Yanner		
Bombard	2R	3	Instant	Bombard deals 4 damage to target creature.	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	93	common	Alex Konstad		
Brazen Freebooter	3R	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Brazen Freebooter enters the battlefield, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	95	common	Randy Gallegos		
Buccaneer's Bravado	1R	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.
? Target Pirate gets +1/+1 and gains double strike until end of turn."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	96	common	Bram Sels		
Fanatical Firebrand	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Pirate	"Haste
{T}, Sacrifice Fanatical Firebrand: It deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	101	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Frilled Deathspitter	2R	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Frilled Deathspitter is dealt damage, it deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	104	common	Zoltan Boros		
Goblin Trailblazer	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Pirate	Menace	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	105	common	Josh Hass		
Mutiny	R	1	Sorcery	Target creature an opponent controls deals damage equal to its power to another target creature that player controls.	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	106	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Orazca Raptor	2RR	4	Creature ? Dinosaur		R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	108	common	Jakub Kasper		
Stampeding Horncrest	4R	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	Stampeding Horncrest has haste as long as you control another Dinosaur.	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	116	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Sun-Collared Raptor	1R	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample
{2}{R}: Sun-Collared Raptor gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	118	common	Zoltan Boros		
Swaggering Corsair	2R	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	Raid ? Swaggering Corsair enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you attacked with a creature this turn.	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	119	common	Scott Murphy		
Tilonalli's Crown	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Tilonalli's Crown enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and has trample."	R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	120	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Aggressive Urge	1G	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	122	common	Jakub Kasper		
Colossal Dreadmaw	4GG	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	125	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Giltgrove Stalker	1G	2	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	Giltgrove Stalker can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	131	common	Chris Seaman		
Hardy Veteran	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"As long as it's your turn, Hardy Veteran gets +0/+2."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	132	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Jade Bearer	G	1	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"When Jade Bearer enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on another target Merfolk you control."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	134	common	Alex Konstad		
Jadecraft Artisan	3G	4	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"When Jadecraft Artisan enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	135	common	Izzy		
Jungleborn Pioneer	2G	3	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"When Jungleborn Pioneer enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Merfolk creature token with hexproof. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	137	common	Scott Murphy		
Knight of the Stampede	3G	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Dinosaur spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	138	common	Steve Argyle		
Orazca Frillback	2G	3	Creature ? Dinosaur		G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	140	common	Simon Dominic		
Overgrown Armasaur	3GG	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Overgrown Armasaur is dealt damage, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Rivals of Ixalan	141	common	Joseph Meehan		
Gleaming Barrier	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Gleaming Barrier dies, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""			Rivals of Ixalan	178	common	Jason Felix		
Orazca Relic	3	3	Artifact	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Orazca Relic: You gain 3 life and draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have the city's blessing."			Rivals of Ixalan	181	common	Kieran Yanner		
Vampire Champion	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Rivals of Ixalan	198	common	Craig J Spearing		
Swab Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Pirate		R	R	Rivals of Ixalan	203	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Rampaging Ferocidon	2R	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Menace
Players can't gain life.
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, Rampaging Ferocidon deals 1 damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Ixalan	154	rare	Jonathan Kuo		
Giant Growth	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	G	G	Ice Age	246	common	Allen Williams		
Icy Manipulator	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Tap target artifact, creature, or land."			Ice Age	322	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Aesthir Glider	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Bird Construct	"Flying
Aesthir Glider can't block."			Alliances	116	common	Ruth Thompson		
Volcanic Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)"	R	R	Mirage	201	rare	Janine Johnston		
Gaea's Blessing	1G	2	Sorcery	"Target player shuffles up to three target cards from their graveyard into their library.
Draw a card.
When Gaea's Blessing is put into your graveyard from your library, shuffle your graveyard into your library."	G	G	Weatherlight	129	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Verdant Force	5GGG	8	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Tempest	263	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Sift	3U	4	Sorcery	"Draw three cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Stronghold	42	common	Pete Venters		
Maniacal Rage	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and can't block."	R	R	Exodus	87	common	Pete Venters		
Blanchwood Armor	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Forest you control."	G	G	Urza's Saga	237	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Tragic Poet	W	1	Creature ? Human	"{T}, Sacrifice Tragic Poet: Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Urza's Legacy	24	common	Quinton Hoover		
Lava Axe	4R	5	Sorcery	Lava Axe deals 5 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Urza's Legacy	84	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Rescue	U	1	Instant	Return target permanent you control to its owner's hand.	U	U	Urza's Destiny	44	common	Greg Staples		
Thorn Elemental	5GG	7	Creature ? Elemental	You may have Thorn Elemental assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	123	rare	rk post		
Magistrate's Scepter	3	3	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Magistrate's Scepter.
{T}, Remove three charge counters from Magistrate's Scepter: Take an extra turn after this one."			Mercadian Masques	304	rare	Adam Rex		
Opt	U	1	Instant	"Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
Draw a card."	U	U	Invasion	64	common	John Howe		
Skizzik	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Kicker {R} (You may pay an additional {R} as you cast this spell.)
Trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, if Skizzik wasn't kicked, sacrifice it."	R	R	Invasion	169	rare	Ron Spencer		
Absorb	WUU	3	Instant	Counter target spell. You gain 3 life.	W	W	Invasion	226	rare	Andrew Goldhawk		
Syncopate	XU	1	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Odyssey	103	common	Pete Venters		
Ironshell Beetle	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	"When Ironshell Beetle enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Judgment	121	common	Heather Hudson		
Demystify	W	1	Instant	Destroy target enchantment.	W	W	Onslaught	24	common	Christopher Rush		
Skirk Prospector	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	Sacrifice a Goblin: Add {R}.	R	R	Onslaught	230	common	Doug Chaffee		
Goblin Warchief	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Goblin spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Goblins you control have haste."	R	R	Scourge	97	uncommon	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Siege-Gang Commander	3RR	5	Creature ? Goblin	"When Siege-Gang Commander enters the battlefield, create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.
{1}{R}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Siege-Gang Commander deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Scourge	103	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Gilded Lotus	5	5	Artifact	{T}: Add three mana of any one color.			Mirrodin	175	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Scrabbling Claws	1	1	Artifact	"{T}: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard.
{1}, Sacrifice Scrabbling Claws: Exile target card from a graveyard. Draw a card."			Mirrodin	237	uncommon	Thomas M. Baxa		
Juggernaut	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Juggernaut attacks each combat if able.
Juggernaut can't be blocked by Walls."			Darksteel	125	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
Crucible of Worlds	3	3	Artifact	You may play land cards from your graveyard.			Fifth Dawn	114	rare	Ron Spencer		
Snapping Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	Flying	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	64	common	Dave Dorman		
Recollect	2G	3	Sorcery	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	178	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Siege Wurm	5GG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	183	common	Carl Critchlow		
Skyknight Legionnaire	1RW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying, haste"	W	W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	232	common	Jim Murray		
Junktroller	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Defender
{T}: Put target card from a graveyard on the bottom of its owner's library."			Ravnica: City of Guilds	264	uncommon	Chippy		
Mortify	1WB	3	Instant	Destroy target creature or enchantment.	W	W	Guildpact	122	uncommon	Glen Angus		
Wee Dragonauts	1UR	3	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Wee Dragonauts gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Guildpact	137	common	Greg Staples		
Narcomoeba	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Narcomoeba is put into your graveyard from your library, you may put it onto the battlefield."	U	U	Future Sight	54	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Disperse	1U	2	Instant	Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Morningtide	31	common	Steve Ellis		
Scapeshift	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Sacrifice any number of lands. Search your library for up to that many land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Morningtide	136	rare	Fred Fields		
Death Baron	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	Skeletons you control and other Zombies you control get +1/+1 and have deathtouch.	B	B	Shards of Alara	70	rare	Nils Hamm		
Infectious Horror	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Whenever Infectious Horror attacks, each opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Conflux	47	common	Pete Venters		
Banefire	XR	1	Sorcery	"Banefire deals X damage to any target.
If X is 5 or more, this spell can't be countered and the damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Conflux	58	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Spell Pierce	U	1	Instant	Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays {2}.	U	U	Zendikar	67	common	Vance Kovacs		
Daggerback Basilisk	2G	3	Creature ? Basilisk	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	182	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Might of the Masses	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature you control.	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	196	common	Johann Bodin		
Pelakka Wurm	4GGG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Pelakka Wurm enters the battlefield, you gain 7 life.
When Pelakka Wurm dies, draw a card."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	204	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Slice in Twain	2GG	4	Instant	"Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Draw a card."	G	G	Scars of Mirrodin	127	uncommon	Efrem Palacios		
Mentor of the Meek	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever another creature with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card."	W	W	Innistrad	21	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Diregraf Ghoul	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	Diregraf Ghoul enters the battlefield tapped.	B	B	Innistrad	97	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Walking Corpse	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie		B	B	Innistrad	126	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Cobbled Wings	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has flying.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Innistrad	219	common	Matt Stewart		
Bone to Ash	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target creature spell.
Draw a card."	U	U	Dark Ascension	29	common	Clint Cearley		
Divination	2U	3	Sorcery	Draw two cards.	U	U	Dark Ascension	35	common	Scott Chou		
Righteous Blow	W	1	Instant	Righteous Blow deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Avacyn Restored	34	common	Clint Cearley		
Favorable Winds	1U	2	Enchantment	Creatures you control with flying get +1/+1.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	51	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Ghostform	1U	2	Sorcery	Up to two target creatures can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Avacyn Restored	56	common	Scott Chou		
Concordia Pegasus	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	Flying	W	W	Return to Ravnica	8	common	Winona Nelson		
Knightly Valor	4W	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Knightly Valor enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has vigilance."	W	W	Return to Ravnica	13	common	Matt Stewart		
Guttersnipe	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Guttersnipe deals 2 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Return to Ravnica	98	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Goblin Electromancer	UR	2	Creature ? Goblin Wizard	Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	U	U	Return to Ravnica	163	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Chromatic Lantern	3	3	Artifact	"Lands you control have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color.""
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Return to Ravnica	226	rare	Jung Park		
Totally Lost	4U	5	Instant	Put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Gatecrash	54	common	David Palumbo		
Tower Defense	1G	2	Instant	Creatures you control get +0/+5 and gain reach until end of turn.	G	G	Gatecrash	137	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Horizon Scholar	5U	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Horizon Scholar enters the battlefield, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Theros	51	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Omenspeaker	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Omenspeaker enters the battlefield, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Theros	57	common	Dallas Williams		
Lightning Strike	1R	2	Instant	Lightning Strike deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Theros	127	common	Adam Paquette		
Oreskos Swiftclaw	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Warrior		W	W	Journey into Nyx	20	common	James Ryman		
Disenchant	1W	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Ice Age	20	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Pacifism	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block."	W	W	Mirage	32	common	Robert Bliss		
Goblin Ringleader	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Haste
When Goblin Ringleader enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all Goblin cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	R	R	Apocalypse	62	uncommon	Mark Romanoski		
Dragon Mage	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Dragon Mage deals combat damage to a player, each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards."	R	R	Scourge	87	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Raise the Alarm	1W	2	Instant	Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.	W	W	Mirrodin	16	common	John Matson		
Rule of Law	2W	3	Enchantment	Each player can't cast more than one spell each turn.	W	W	Mirrodin	19	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Convolute	2U	3	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {4}.	U	U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	41	common	Dany Orizio		
Leyline of the Void	2BB	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of the Void is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
If a card would be put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead."	B	B	Guildpact	52	rare	Adam Rex		
Loaming Shaman	2G	3	Creature ? Centaur Shaman	"When Loaming Shaman enters the battlefield, target player shuffles any number of target cards from their graveyard into their library."	G	G	Dissension	87	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Scuttlemutt	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
{T}: Target creature becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn."			Shadowmoor	263	common	Jeremy Jarvis		
Bone Splinters	B	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Destroy target creature."	B	B	Shards of Alara	67	common	Cole Eastburn		
Unsummon	U	1	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand.	U	U	Conflux	37	common	Izzy		
Disfigure	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.	B	B	Zendikar	87	common	Justin Sweet		
Dungeon Geists	2UU	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Dungeon Geists enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as you control Dungeon Geists."	U	U	Dark Ascension	36	rare	Nils Hamm		
Temple of Mystery		0	Land	"Temple of Mystery enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Mystery enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {G} or {U}."		U	Theros	226	rare	Noah Bradley		
Temple of Silence		0	Land	"Temple of Silence enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Silence enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Theros	227	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Temple of Triumph		0	Land	"Temple of Triumph enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Triumph enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Theros	228	rare	Jason Felix		
Loyal Pegasus	W	1	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying
Loyal Pegasus can't attack or block alone."	W	W	Born of the Gods	19	common	John Severin Brassell		
Temple of Epiphany		0	Land	"Temple of Epiphany enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Epiphany enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Journey into Nyx	164	rare	Noah Bradley		
Temple of Malady		0	Land	"Temple of Malady enters the battlefield tapped.
When Temple of Malady enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Journey into Nyx	165	rare	James Paick		
Heart-Piercer Bow	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks, Heart-Piercer Bow deals 1 damage to target creature defending player controls.
Equip {1}"			Khans of Tarkir	221	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Bloodfell Caves		0	Land	"Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield tapped.
When Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Khans of Tarkir	229	common	Adam Paquette		
Blossoming Sands		0	Land	"Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield tapped.
When Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	231	common	Sam Burley		
Dismal Backwater		0	Land	"Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield tapped.
When Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Khans of Tarkir	232	common	Sam Burley		
Jungle Hollow		0	Land	"Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.
When Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Khans of Tarkir	235	common	Eytan Zana		
Rugged Highlands		0	Land	"Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.
When Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Khans of Tarkir	240	common	Eytan Zana		
Scoured Barrens		0	Land	"Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.
When Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	242	common	Eytan Zana		
Swiftwater Cliffs		0	Land	"Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped.
When Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Khans of Tarkir	243	common	Eytan Zana		
Thornwood Falls		0	Land	"Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield tapped.
When Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}."		U	Khans of Tarkir	244	common	Eytan Zana		
Tranquil Cove		0	Land	"Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield tapped.
When Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	246	common	John Avon		
Wind-Scarred Crag		0	Land	"Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield tapped.
When Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Khans of Tarkir	247	common	Eytan Zana		
Renowned Weaponsmith	1U	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"{T}: Add {C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts.
{U}, {T}: Search your library for a card named Heart-Piercer Bow or Vial of Dragonfire, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Fate Reforged	48	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Vial of Dragonfire	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Vial of Dragonfire: It deals 2 damage to target creature."			Dragons of Tarkir	247	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Pulse of Murasa	2G	3	Instant	Return target creature or land card from a graveyard to its owner's hand. You gain 6 life.	G	G	Oath of the Gatewatch	141	common	Matt Stewart		
Uncaged Fury	2R	3	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	R	R	Shadows over Innistrad	188	common	Jason Kang		
Wolfkin Bond	4G	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Wolfkin Bond enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	G	G	Eldritch Moon	178	common	Lindsey Look		
Blade of the Sixth Pride	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Rebel		W	W	Future Sight	19	common	Justin Sweet		
Bound in Silence	2W	3	Tribal Enchantment ? Rebel Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block."	W	W	Future Sight	20	uncommon	William Simpson		
Daybreak Coronet	WW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature with another Aura attached to it
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has first strike, vigilance, and lifelink. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Future Sight	21	rare	Scott Hampton		
Goldmeadow Lookout	3W	4	Creature ? Kithkin Spellshaper	"{W}, {T}, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 white Kithkin Soldier creature token named Goldmeadow Harrier. It has ""{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."""	W	W	Future Sight	22	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Imperial Mask	4W	5	Enchantment	"When Imperial Mask enters the battlefield, if it's not a token, each of your teammates creates a token that's a copy of Imperial Mask.
You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Future Sight	23	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Lucent Liminid	3WW	5	Enchantment Creature ? Elemental	Flying	W	W	Future Sight	24	common	Eric Fortune		
Lumithread Field	1W	2	Enchantment	"Creatures you control get +0/+1.
Morph {1}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	W	W	Future Sight	25	common	Scott Altmann		
Lymph Sliver	4W	5	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have absorb 1. (If a source would deal damage to a Sliver, prevent 1 of that damage.)"	W	W	Future Sight	26	common	Ittoku		
"Oriss, Samite Guardian"	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.
Grandeur ? Discard another card named Oriss, Samite Guardian: Target player can't cast spells this turn, and creatures that player controls can't attack this turn."	W	W	Future Sight	28	rare	Michael Komarck		
Patrician's Scorn	3W	4	Instant	"If you've cast another white spell this turn, you may cast this spell without paying its mana cost.
Destroy all enchantments."	W	W	Future Sight	29	common	John Avon		
Ramosian Revivalist	3W	4	Creature ? Human Rebel Cleric	"{6}, {T}: Return target Rebel permanent card with converted mana cost 5 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Future Sight	30	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Seht's Tiger	2WW	4	Creature ? Cat	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Seht's Tiger enters the battlefield, you gain protection from the color of your choice until end of turn. (You can't be targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything of the chosen color.)"	W	W	Future Sight	31	rare	Thomas Gianni		
Arcanum Wings	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying.
Aura swap {2}{U} ({2}{U}: Exchange this Aura with an Aura card in your hand.)"	U	U	Future Sight	48	uncommon	Carl Frank		
Blind Phantasm	2U	3	Creature ? Illusion		U	U	Future Sight	49	common	Khang Le		
Bonded Fetch	2U	3	Creature ? Homunculus	"Defender, haste
{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Future Sight	50	uncommon	Brandon Kitkouski		
"Linessa, Zephyr Mage"	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{X}{U}{U}, {T}: Return target creature with converted mana cost X to its owner's hand.
Grandeur ? Discard another card named Linessa, Zephyr Mage: Target player returns a creature they control to its owner's hand, then repeats this process for an artifact, an enchantment, and a land."	U	U	Future Sight	51	rare	Jim Murray		
Logic Knot	XUU	2	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}."	U	U	Future Sight	52	common	Glen Angus		
Mesmeric Sliver	3U	4	Creature ? Sliver	"All Slivers have ""When this permanent enters the battlefield, you may fateseal 1."" (To fateseal 1, its controller looks at the top card of an opponent's library, then they may put that card on the bottom of that library.)"	U	U	Future Sight	53	common	Michael Bruinsma		
Nix	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell if no mana was spent to cast it.	U	U	Future Sight	55	rare	Brian Despain		
Sarcomite Myr	2U	3	Artifact Creature ? Myr	"{2}: Sarcomite Myr gains flying until end of turn.
{2}, Sacrifice Sarcomite Myr: Draw a card."	U	U	Future Sight	56	common	Michael Bruinsma		
Second Wind	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{T}: Tap enchanted creature.
{T}: Untap enchanted creature."	U	U	Future Sight	57	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Shapeshifter's Marrow	2UU	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, that player reveals the top card of their library. If it's a creature card, the player puts the card into their graveyard and Shapeshifter's Marrow becomes a copy of that card. (If it does, it loses this ability.)"	U	U	Future Sight	58	rare	Chippy		
Spellweaver Volute	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant instant card in a graveyard
Whenever you cast a sorcery spell, copy the enchanted instant card. You may cast the copy without paying its mana cost. If you do, exile the enchanted card and attach Spellweaver Volute to another instant card in a graveyard."	U	U	Future Sight	59	rare	Bud Cook		
Spin into Myth	4U	5	Instant	"Put target creature on top of its owner's library, then fateseal 2. (To fateseal 2, look at the top two cards of an opponent's library, then put any number of them on the bottom of that player's library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Future Sight	60	uncommon	David Day		
Vedalken Aethermage	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Vedalken Aethermage enters the battlefield, return target Sliver to its owner's hand.
Wizardcycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Wizard card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	U	U	Future Sight	61	common	William Simpson		
Whip-Spine Drake	3UU	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Morph {2}{W} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	W	Future Sight	62	common	Eric Fortune		
Bitter Ordeal	2B	3	Sorcery	"Search target player's library for a card and exile it. Then that player shuffles their library.
Gravestorm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each permanent put into a graveyard this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	B	B	Future Sight	80	rare	Daarken		
Bridge from Below	BBB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, if Bridge from Below is in your graveyard, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
When a creature is put into an opponent's graveyard from the battlefield, if Bridge from Below is in your graveyard, exile Bridge from Below."	B	B	Future Sight	81	rare	Greg Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Death Rattle	5B	6	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Destroy target nongreen creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Future Sight	82	common	Vance Kovacs		
Deepcavern Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp Rebel	"Flying, haste
Echo?Discard a card. (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	B	B	Future Sight	83	common	Scott Altmann		
Fleshwrither	2BB	4	Creature ? Horror	"Transfigure {1}{B}{B} ({1}{B}{B}, Sacrifice this creature: Search your library for a creature card with the same converted mana cost as this creature and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library. Transfigure only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Future Sight	84	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Frenzy Sliver	1B	2	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have frenzy 1. (Whenever a Sliver attacks and isn't blocked, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Future Sight	85	common	Glen Angus		
Grave Scrabbler	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Madness {1}{B} (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)
When Grave Scrabbler enters the battlefield, if its madness cost was paid, you may return target creature card from a graveyard to its owner's hand."	B	B	Future Sight	86	common	Dave Allsop		
"Korlash, Heir to Blackblade"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Korlash, Heir to Blackblade's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Swamps you control.
{1}{B}: Regenerate Korlash.
Grandeur ? Discard another card named Korlash, Heir to Blackblade: Search your library for up to two Swamp cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Future Sight	87	rare	Daarken		
Mass of Ghouls	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Warrior		B	B	Future Sight	88	common	Lucio Parrillo		
Snake Cult Initiation	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has poisonous 3. (Whenever it deals combat damage to a player, that player gets three poison counters. A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	B	B	Future Sight	89	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Street Wraith	3BB	5	Creature ? Wraith	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Cycling?Pay 2 life. (Pay 2 life, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	B	B	Future Sight	90	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Tombstalker	6BB	8	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)"	B	B	Future Sight	91	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Witch's Mist	2B	3	Enchantment	"{2}{B}, {T}: Destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn."	B	B	Future Sight	92	uncommon	Ittoku		
Yixlid Jailer	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	Cards in graveyards lose all abilities.	B	B	Future Sight	93	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Emblem of the Warmind	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Creatures you control have haste."	R	R	Future Sight	112	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Flowstone Embrace	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{T}: Enchanted creature gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	Future Sight	113	common	Vance Kovacs		
Fomori Nomad	4R	5	Creature ? Nomad Giant		R	R	Future Sight	114	common	Raymond Swanland		
Ghostfire	2R	3	Instant	"Ghostfire is colorless.
Ghostfire deals 3 damage to any target."		R	Future Sight	115	common	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Grinning Ignus	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{R}, Return Grinning Ignus to its owner's hand: Add {C}{C}{R}. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Future Sight	116	common	James Kei		
Henchfiend of Ukor	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre	"Haste
Echo {1}{B} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
{B/R}: Henchfiend of Ukor gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Future Sight	117	common	Nils Hamm		
Homing Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	"Each Sliver card in each player's hand has slivercycling {3}.
Slivercycling {3} ({3}, Discard this card: Search your library for a Sliver card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Future Sight	118	common	Trevor Hairsine		
Shah of Naar Isle	3R	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Trample
Echo {0} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Shah of Naar Isle's echo cost is paid, each opponent may draw up to three cards."	R	R	Future Sight	119	rare	Jon Foster		
Skizzik Surger	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste
Echo?Sacrifice two lands. (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)"	R	R	Future Sight	120	uncommon	Lucio Parrillo		
Steamflogger Boss	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Rigger	"Other Riggers you control get +1/+0 and have haste.
If a Rigger you control would assemble a Contraption, it assembles two Contraptions instead."	R	R	Future Sight	121	rare	Warren Mahy		
Storm Entity	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste
Storm Entity enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other spell cast this turn."	R	R	Future Sight	122	uncommon	Lucio Parrillo		
Tarox Bladewing	2RRR	5	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
Grandeur ? Discard another card named Tarox Bladewing: Tarox Bladewing gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power."	R	R	Future Sight	123	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Thunderblade Charge	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Thunderblade Charge deals 3 damage to any target.
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, if Thunderblade Charge is in your graveyard, you may pay {2}{R}{R}{R}. If you do, you may cast it without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Future Sight	124	rare	Justin Murray		
"Baru, Fist of Krosa"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever a Forest enters the battlefield, green creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.
Grandeur ? Discard another card named Baru, Fist of Krosa: Create an X/X green Wurm creature token, where X is the number of lands you control."	G	G	Future Sight	142	rare	Lucio Parrillo		
Centaur Omenreader	3G	4	Snow Creature ? Centaur Shaman	"As long as Centaur Omenreader is tapped, creature spells you cast cost {2} less to cast."	G	G	Future Sight	143	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
Edge of Autumn	1G	2	Sorcery	"If you control four or fewer lands, search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Cycling?Sacrifice a land. (Sacrifice a land, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Future Sight	144	common	Jean-Sbastien Rossbach		
Imperiosaur	2GG	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	Spend only mana produced by basic lands to cast Imperiosaur.	G	G	Future Sight	145	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Muraganda Petroglyphs	3G	4	Enchantment	Creatures with no abilities get +2/+2.	G	G	Future Sight	146	rare	Scott Altmann		
Nacatl War-Pride	3GGG	6	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Nacatl War-Pride must be blocked by exactly one creature if able.
Whenever Nacatl War-Pride attacks, create X tokens that are copies of Nacatl War-Pride and that are tapped and attacking, where X is the number of creatures defending player controls. Exile the tokens at the beginning of the next end step."	G	G	Future Sight	147	uncommon	James Kei		
Quagnoth	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	"Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Quagnoth, return it to your hand."	G	G	Future Sight	150	rare	Thomas M. Baxa		
Spellwild Ouphe	1G	2	Creature ? Ouphe	Spells that target Spellwild Ouphe cost {2} less to cast.	G	G	Future Sight	151	uncommon	Scott Altmann		
Sporoloth Ancient	3GG	5	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Sporoloth Ancient.
Creatures you control have ""Remove two spore counters from this creature: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."""	G	G	Future Sight	152	common	James Kei		
Tarmogoyf	1G	2	Creature ? Lhurgoyf	Tarmogoyf's power is equal to the number of card types among cards in all graveyards and its toughness is equal to that number plus 1.	G	G	Future Sight	153	rare	Justin Murray		
Thornweald Archer	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Future Sight	154	common	Dave Kendall		
Virulent Sliver	G	1	Creature ? Sliver	"All Sliver creatures have poisonous 1. (Whenever a Sliver deals combat damage to a player, that player gets a poison counter. A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	G	G	Future Sight	155	common	Franz Vohwinkel		
Darksteel Garrison	2	2	Artifact ? Fortification	"Fortified land has indestructible.
Whenever fortified land becomes tapped, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Fortify {3} ({3}: Attach to target land you control. Fortify only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the land leaves.)"			Future Sight	167	rare	David Martin		
Whetwheel	4	4	Artifact	"{X}{X}, {T}: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard.
Morph {3} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"			Future Sight	168	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Dryad Arbor		0	Land Creature ? Forest Dryad	"(Dryad Arbor isn't a spell, it's affected by summoning sickness, and it has ""{T}: Add {G}."")"	G	G	Future Sight	174	uncommon	Eric Fortune		
Grove of the Burnwillows		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}. Each opponent gains 1 life."		R	Future Sight	176	rare	David Hudnut		
Horizon Canopy		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {G} or {W}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Horizon Canopy: Draw a card."		W	Future Sight	177	rare	Michael Komarck		
Nimbus Maze		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W}. Activate this ability only if you control an Island.
{T}: Add {U}. Activate this ability only if you control a Plains."		W	Future Sight	178	rare	Jason Chan		
River of Tears		0	Land	"{T}: Add {U}. If you played a land this turn, add {B} instead."		U	Future Sight	179	rare	Chris J. Anderson		
Zoetic Cavern		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
Morph {2} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"			Future Sight	180	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Abbey Gargoyles	2WWW	5	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying, protection from red"	W	W	Homelands	1	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Abbey Matron	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Abbey Matron gets +0/+3 until end of turn."	W	W	Homelands	2	common	Mike Kimble		
Aysen Bureaucrats	1W	2	Creature ? Human Advisor	{T}: Tap target creature with power 2 or less.	W	W	Homelands	3	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Aysen Crusader	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Aysen Crusader's power and toughness are each equal to 2 plus the number of Soldiers and Warriors you control.	W	W	Homelands	4	rare	NN Thomas		
Aysen Highway	3WWW	6	Enchantment	White creatures have plainswalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Plains.)	W	W	Homelands	5	rare	NN Thomas		
Beast Walkers	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Beast Soldier	"{G}: Beast Walkers gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Homelands	6	rare	Heather Hudson		
Death Speakers	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	Protection from black	W	W	Homelands	7	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Hazduhr the Abbot	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{X}, {T}: The next X damage that would be dealt this turn to target white creature you control is dealt to Hazduhr the Abbot instead."	W	W	Homelands	8	rare	Dan Frazier		
Leeches	1WW	3	Sorcery	Target player loses all poison counters. Leeches deals that much damage to that player.	W	W	Homelands	9	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Mesa Falcon	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{1}{W}: Mesa Falcon gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Homelands	10	common	Mark Poole		
Prophecy	W	1	Sorcery	"Reveal the top card of target opponent's library. If it's a land, you gain 1 life. Then that player shuffles their library.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Homelands	11	common	Christopher Rush		
Rashka the Slayer	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Whenever Rashka the Slayer blocks one or more black creatures, Rashka gets +1/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Homelands	12	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Samite Alchemist	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 4 damage that would be dealt this turn to target creature you control. Tap that creature. It doesn't untap during your next untap step."	W	W	Homelands	13	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Serra Aviary	3W	4	World Enchantment	Creatures with flying get +1/+1.	W	W	Homelands	14	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Serra Bestiary	WW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Serra Bestiary unless you pay {W}{W}.
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities with {T} in their costs can't be activated."	W	W	Homelands	15	common	Anson Maddocks		
Serra Inquisitors	4W	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever Serra Inquisitors blocks or becomes blocked by one or more black creatures, Serra Inquisitors gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Homelands	16	uncommon	Dennis Detwiller		
Serra Paladin	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
{1}{W}{W}, {T}: Target creature gains vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Homelands	17	common	Pete Venters		
Soraya the Falconer	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human	"Bird creatures get +1/+1.
{1}{W}: Target Bird creature gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding a player controls are blocking or being blocked by a creature, that player divides that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Homelands	18	rare	Dennis Detwiller		
Trade Caravan	W	1	Creature ? Human Nomad	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a currency counter on Trade Caravan.
Remove two currency counters from Trade Caravan: Untap target basic land. Activate this ability only during an opponent's upkeep."	W	W	Homelands	19	common	Kaja Foglio		
Truce	2W	3	Instant	"Each player may draw up to two cards. For each card less than two a player draws this way, that player gains 2 life."	W	W	Homelands	20	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Aether Storm	3U	4	Enchantment	"Creature spells can't be cast.
Pay 4 life: Destroy Aether Storm. It can't be regenerated. Any player may activate this ability."	U	U	Homelands	21	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Baki's Curse	2UU	4	Sorcery	Baki's Curse deals 2 damage to each creature for each Aura attached to that creature.	U	U	Homelands	22	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Chain Stasis	U	1	Instant	"You may tap or untap target creature. Then that creature's controller may pay {2}{U}. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy."	U	U	Homelands	23	rare	Pat Morrissey		
Coral Reef	UU	2	Enchantment	"Coral Reef enters the battlefield with four polyp counters on it.
Sacrifice an Island: Put two polyp counters on Coral Reef.
{U}, Tap an untapped blue creature you control, Remove a polyp counter from Coral Reef: Put a +0/+1 counter on target creature."	U	U	Homelands	24	common	Amy Weber		
Dark Maze	4U	5	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{0}: Dark Maze can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Homelands	25	common	Rob Alexander		
Forget	UU	2	Sorcery	"Target player discards two cards, then draws as many cards as they discarded this way."	U	U	Homelands	26	rare	Mike Kimble		
Giant Albatross	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Giant Albatross dies, you may pay {1}{U}. If you do, for each creature that dealt damage to Giant Albatross this turn, destroy that creature unless its controller pays 2 life. A creature destroyed this way can't be regenerated."	U	U	Homelands	0	common	David A. Cherry		
Jinx	1U	2	Instant	"Target land becomes the basic land type of your choice until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Homelands	29	common	Mike Kimble		
Labyrinth Minotaur	3U	4	Creature ? Minotaur	"Whenever Labyrinth Minotaur blocks a creature, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Homelands	30	common	Anson Maddocks		
Marjhan	5UU	7	Creature ? Serpent	"Marjhan doesn't untap during your untap step.
{U}{U}, Sacrifice a creature: Untap Marjhan. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.
Marjhan can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
{U}{U}: Marjhan gets -1/-0 until end of turn and deals 1 damage to target attacking creature without flying.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Marjhan."	U	U	Homelands	31	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Mystic Decree	2UU	4	World Enchantment	All creatures lose flying and islandwalk.	U	U	Homelands	34	rare	Liz Danforth		
Narwhal	2UU	4	Creature ? Whale	"First strike, protection from red"	U	U	Homelands	35	rare	David A. Cherry		
Reef Pirates	1UU	3	Creature ? Zombie Pirate	"Whenever Reef Pirates deals damage to an opponent, that player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Homelands	36	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
"Reveka, Wizard Savant"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Dwarf Wizard	"{T}: Reveka, Wizard Savant deals 2 damage to any target and doesn't untap during your next untap step."	U	U	Homelands	37	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Sea Sprite	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying, protection from red"	U	U	Homelands	38	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Sea Troll	2U	3	Creature ? Troll	{U}: Regenerate Sea Troll. Activate this ability only if Sea Troll blocked or was blocked by a blue creature this turn.	U	U	Homelands	39	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Wall of Kelp	UU	2	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{U}{U}, {T}: Create a 0/1 blue Plant Wall creature token with defender named Kelp."	U	U	Homelands	40	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Baron Sengir	5BBB	8	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Baron Sengir this turn dies, put a +2/+2 counter on Baron Sengir.
{T}: Regenerate another target Vampire."	B	B	Homelands	41	rare	Pete Venters		
Black Carriage	3BB	5	Creature ? Horse	"Trample
Black Carriage doesn't untap during your untap step.
Sacrifice a creature: Untap Black Carriage. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Homelands	42	rare	David A. Cherry		
Broken Visage	4B	5	Instant	Destroy target nonartifact attacking creature. It can't be regenerated. Create a black Spirit creature token. Its power is equal to that creature's power and its toughness is equal to that creature's toughness. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step.	B	B	Homelands	43	rare	Mike Kimble		
Cemetery Gate	2B	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Protection from black"	B	B	Homelands	44	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Drudge Spell	BB	2	Enchantment	"{B}, Exile two creature cards from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token. It has ""{B}: Regenerate this creature.""
When Drudge Spell leaves the battlefield, destroy all Skeleton tokens. They can't be regenerated."	B	B	Homelands	45	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Dry Spell	1B	2	Sorcery	Dry Spell deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.	B	B	Homelands	46	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Feast of the Unicorn	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+0."	B	B	Homelands	47	common	Dennis Detwiller		
Funeral March	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature leaves the battlefield, its controller sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Homelands	48	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Ghost Hounds	1B	2	Creature ? Hound Spirit	"Vigilance
Whenever Ghost Hounds blocks or becomes blocked by a white creature, Ghost Hounds gains first strike until end of turn."	B	B	Homelands	49	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Grandmother Sengir	4B	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Homelands	50	rare	Pete Venters		
Greater Werewolf	4B	5	Creature ? Werewolf	"At end of combat, put a -0/-2 counter on each creature blocking or blocked by Greater Werewolf."	B	B	Homelands	51	common	Dennis Detwiller		
Headstone	1B	2	Instant	"Exile target card from a graveyard.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Homelands	52	common	David A. Cherry		
Ihsan's Shade	3BBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Shade Knight	Protection from white	B	B	Homelands	53	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Irini Sengir	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Dwarf	Green enchantment spells and white enchantment spells cost {2} more to cast.	B	B	Homelands	54	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Koskun Falls	2BB	4	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Koskun Falls unless you tap an untapped creature you control.
Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays {2} for each creature they control that's attacking you."	B	B	Homelands	55	rare	Rob Alexander		
Sengir Bats	1BB	3	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Sengir Bats this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Sengir Bats."	B	B	Homelands	57	common	Dan Frazier		
Veldrane of Sengir	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	{1}{B}{B}: Veldrane of Sengir gets -3/-0 and gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	B	B	Homelands	60	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Aliban's Tower	1R	2	Instant	Target blocking creature gets +3/+1 until end of turn.	R	R	Homelands	61	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Ambush	3R	4	Instant	Blocking creatures gain first strike until end of turn.	R	R	Homelands	62	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Ambush Party	4R	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"First strike, haste"	R	R	Homelands	63	common	Mark Poole		
An-Zerrin Ruins	2RR	4	Enchantment	"As An-Zerrin Ruins enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type don't untap during their controllers' untap steps."	R	R	Homelands	64	rare	Dennis Detwiller		
Anaba Ancestor	1R	2	Creature ? Minotaur Spirit	{T}: Another target Minotaur creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	R	R	Homelands	65	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Anaba Bodyguard	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur	First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	R	R	Homelands	66	common	Anson Maddocks		
Anaba Shaman	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"{R}, {T}: Anaba Shaman deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Homelands	67	common	Anson Maddocks		
Anaba Spirit Crafter	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	Minotaur creatures get +1/+0.	R	R	Homelands	68	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Chandler	4R	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	"{R}{R}{R}, {T}: Destroy target artifact creature."	R	R	Homelands	69	common	Douglas Shuler		
Dwarven Pony	R	1	Creature ? Horse	"{1}{R}, {T}: Target Dwarf creature gains mountainwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)"	R	R	Homelands	70	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Dwarven Sea Clan	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf	{T}: Choose target attacking or blocking creature whose controller controls an Island. Dwarven Sea Clan deals 2 damage to that creature at end of combat. Activate this ability only before the end of combat step.	R	R	Homelands	71	rare	Amy Weber		
Dwarven Trader	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf		R	R	Homelands	72	common	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Evaporate	2R	3	Sorcery	Evaporate deals 1 damage to each white and/or blue creature.	R	R	Homelands	74	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Heart Wolf	3R	4	Creature ? Wolf	"First strike
{T}: Target Dwarf creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. When that creature leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice Heart Wolf. Activate this ability only during combat."	R	R	Homelands	75	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Ironclaw Curse	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -0/-1.
Enchanted creature can't block creatures with power equal to or greater than the enchanted creature's toughness."	R	R	Homelands	76	rare	Dennis Detwiller		
Joven	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	"{R}{R}{R}, {T}: Destroy target noncreature artifact."	R	R	Homelands	77	common	Douglas Shuler		
Orcish Mine	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Orcish Mine enters the battlefield with three ore counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, remove an ore counter from Orcish Mine.
When the last ore counter is removed from Orcish Mine, destroy enchanted land and Orcish Mine deals 2 damage to that land's controller."	R	R	Homelands	78	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Retribution	2RR	4	Sorcery	Choose two target creatures an opponent controls. That player chooses and sacrifices one of those creatures. Put a -1/-1 counter on the other.	R	R	Homelands	79	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Winter Sky	R	1	Sorcery	"Flip a coin. If you win the flip, Winter Sky deals 1 damage to each creature and each player. If you lose the flip, each player draws a card."	R	R	Homelands	80	rare	Mike Kimble		
An-Havva Constable	1GG	3	Creature ? Human	An-Havva Constable's toughness is equal to 1 plus the number of green creatures on the battlefield.	G	G	Homelands	81	rare	Dan Frazier		
An-Havva Inn	1GG	3	Sorcery	"You gain X plus 1 life, where X is the number of green creatures on the battlefield."	G	G	Homelands	82	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Autumn Willow	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	"Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
{G}: Until end of turn, Autumn Willow can be the target of spells and abilities controlled by target player as though it didn't have shroud."	G	G	Homelands	83	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Carapace	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2.
Sacrifice Carapace: Regenerate enchanted creature."	G	G	Homelands	84	common	Anson Maddocks		
Daughter of Autumn	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	{W}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to target white creature this turn is dealt to Daughter of Autumn instead.	G	W	Homelands	85	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Faerie Noble	2G	3	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
Other Faerie creatures you control get +0/+1.
{T}: Other Faerie creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Homelands	86	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Folk of An-Havva	G	1	Creature ? Human	"Whenever Folk of An-Havva blocks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Homelands	87	common	Julie Baroh		
Hungry Mist	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Hungry Mist unless you pay {G}{G}."	G	G	Homelands	88	common	Heather Hudson		
Joven's Ferrets	G	1	Creature ? Ferret	"Whenever Joven's Ferrets attacks, it gets +0/+2 until end of turn.
At end of combat, tap all creatures that blocked Joven's Ferrets this turn. They don't untap during their controller's next untap step."	G	G	Homelands	89	common	Amy Weber		
Leaping Lizard	1GG	3	Creature ? Lizard	{1}{G}: Leaping Lizard gets -0/-1 and gains flying until end of turn.	G	G	Homelands	90	common	Amy Weber		
Mammoth Harness	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses flying.
Whenever enchanted creature blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, the other creature gains first strike until end of turn."	G	G	Homelands	91	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Primal Order	2GG	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Primal Order deals damage to that player equal to the number of nonbasic lands they control."	G	G	Homelands	92	rare	Rob Alexander		
Renewal	2G	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.
Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	G	G	Homelands	93	common	Kaja Foglio		
Root Spider	3G	4	Creature ? Spider	"Whenever Root Spider blocks, it gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn."	G	G	Homelands	94	uncommon	Mike Kimble		
Roots	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature without flying
When Roots enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	G	G	Homelands	95	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Rysorian Badger	2G	3	Creature ? Badger	"Whenever Rysorian Badger attacks and isn't blocked, you may exile up to two target creature cards from defending player's graveyard. If you do, you gain 1 life for each card exiled this way and Rysorian Badger assigns no combat damage this turn."	G	G	Homelands	96	rare	Heather Hudson		
Shrink	G	1	Instant	Target creature gets -5/-0 until end of turn.	G	G	Homelands	97	common	Liz Danforth		
Spectral Bears	1G	2	Creature ? Bear Spirit	"Whenever Spectral Bears attacks, if defending player controls no black nontoken permanents, it doesn't untap during your next untap step."	G	G	Homelands	98	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Willow Faerie	1G	2	Creature ? Faerie	Flying	G	G	Homelands	99	common	Susan Van Camp		
Willow Priestess	2GG	4	Creature ? Faerie Druid	"{T}: You may put a Faerie permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield.
{2}{G}: Target green creature gains protection from black until end of turn."	G	G	Homelands	100	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Apocalypse Chime	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Apocalypse Chime: Destroy all nontoken permanents with a name originally printed in the Homelands expansion. They can't be regenerated."			Homelands	101	rare	Mark Poole		
Clockwork Gnomes	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Gnome	"{3}, {T}: Regenerate target artifact creature."			Homelands	102	common	Douglas Shuler		
Clockwork Steed	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Horse	"Clockwork Steed enters the battlefield with four +1/+0 counters on it.
Clockwork Steed can't be blocked by artifact creatures.
At end of combat, if Clockwork Steed attacked or blocked this combat, remove a +1/+0 counter from it.
{X}, {T}: Put up to X +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Steed. This ability can't cause the total number of +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Steed to be greater than four. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Homelands	103	common	Amy Weber		
Clockwork Swarm	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Insect	"Clockwork Swarm enters the battlefield with four +1/+0 counters on it.
Clockwork Swarm can't be blocked by Walls.
At end of combat, if Clockwork Swarm attacked or blocked this combat, remove a +1/+0 counter from it.
{X}, {T}: Put up to X +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Swarm. This ability can't cause the total number of +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Swarm to be greater than four. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Homelands	104	common	Amy Weber		
Didgeridoo	1	1	Artifact	{3}: You may put a Minotaur permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield.			Homelands	105	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Ebony Rhino	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Rhino	Trample			Homelands	106	common	Amy Weber		
Feroz's Ban	6	6	Artifact	Creature spells cost {2} more to cast.			Homelands	107	rare	Heather Hudson		
Joven's Tools	6	6	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn except by Walls."			Homelands	108	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Roterothopter	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
{2}: Roterothopter gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than twice each turn."			Homelands	109	common	Amy Weber		
An-Havva Township		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {G}.
{2}, {T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Homelands	111	uncommon	Liz Danforth		
Aysen Abbey		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {W}.
{2}, {T}: Add {G} or {U}."		W	Homelands	112	uncommon	Liz Danforth		
Castle Sengir		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {B}.
{2}, {T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Homelands	113	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Koskun Keep		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {R}.
{2}, {T}: Add {B} or {G}."		R	Homelands	114	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Wizards' School		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add {U}.
{2}, {T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Homelands	115	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Carrier Pigeons	3W	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Carrier Pigeons enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	W	W	Alliances	1	common	Pat Morrissey		
Errand of Duty	1W	2	Instant	"Create a 1/1 white Knight creature token with banding. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Alliances	2	common	Julie Baroh		
Exile	2W	3	Instant	Exile target nonwhite attacking creature. You gain life equal to its toughness.	W	W	Alliances	3	rare	Rob Alexander		
Inheritance	W	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, you may pay {3}. If you do, draw a card."	W	W	Alliances	4	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Ivory Gargoyle	4W	5	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
When Ivory Gargoyle dies, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step and you skip your next draw step.
{4}{W}: Exile Ivory Gargoyle."	W	W	Alliances	5	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Juniper Order Advocate	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"As long as Juniper Order Advocate is untapped, green creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	Alliances	6	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Kjeldoran Escort	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Alliances	7	common	Bryon Wackwitz		
Kjeldoran Home Guard	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"At end of combat, if Kjeldoran Home Guard attacked or blocked this combat, put a -0/-1 counter on Kjeldoran Home Guard and create a 0/1 white Deserter creature token."	W	W	Alliances	8	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Kjeldoran Pride	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2.
{2}{U}: Attach Kjeldoran Pride to target creature other than enchanted creature."	W	W	Alliances	9	common	Kaja Foglio		
Martyrdom	1WW	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control gains ""{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature, planeswalker, or player this turn is dealt to this creature instead."" Only you may activate this ability."	W	W	Alliances	10	common	Mark Poole		
Noble Steeds	2W	3	Enchantment	{1}{W}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn.	W	W	Alliances	11	common	Rebecca Guay		
Reinforcements	W	1	Instant	Put up to three target creature cards from your graveyard on top of your library.	W	W	Alliances	12	common	Diana Vick		
Royal Decree	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {W} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Whenever a Swamp, Mountain, black permanent, or red permanent becomes tapped, Royal Decree deals 1 damage to that permanent's controller."	W	W	Alliances	14	rare	Pete Venters		
Royal Herbalist	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{2}, Exile the top card of your library: You gain 1 life."	W	W	Alliances	15	common	Douglas Shuler		
Scars of the Veteran	4W	5	Instant	"You may exile a white card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Prevent the next 7 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. If it's a creature, put a +0/+1 counter on it for each 1 damage prevented this way at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Alliances	16	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Seasoned Tactician	2W	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"{3}, Exile the top four cards of your library: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Alliances	17	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Sustaining Spirit	1W	2	Creature ? Angel Spirit	"Cumulative upkeep {1}{W} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead."	W	W	Alliances	18	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Sworn Defender	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"{1}: Sworn Defender's power becomes the toughness of target creature blocking or being blocked by Sworn Defender minus 1 until end of turn, and Sworn Defender's toughness becomes 1 plus the power of that creature until end of turn."	W	W	Alliances	19	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Unlikely Alliance	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}{W}: Target nonattacking, nonblocking creature gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Alliances	20	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Wild Aesthir	2W	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, first strike
{W}{W}: Wild Aesthir gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	W	W	Alliances	21	common	Greg Simanson		
Arcane Denial	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target spell. Its controller may draw up to two cards at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
You draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Alliances	22	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Awesome Presence	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked unless defending player pays {3} for each creature they control that's blocking it."	U	U	Alliances	23	common	Lawrence Snelly		
Benthic Explorers	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"{T}, Untap a tapped land an opponent controls: Add one mana of any type that land could produce."	U	U	Alliances	24	common	Greg Simanson		
Browse	2UU	4	Enchantment	"{2}{U}{U}: Look at the top five cards of your library, put one of them into your hand, and exile the rest."	U	U	Alliances	25	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Diminishing Returns	2UU	4	Sorcery	Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library. You exile the top ten cards of your library. Then each player draws up to seven cards.	U	U	Alliances	26	rare	Allen Williams		
Force of Will	3UU	5	Instant	"You may pay 1 life and exile a blue card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Alliances	28	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Foresight	1U	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for three cards, exile them, then shuffle your library.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Alliances	29	common	Terese Nielsen		
Lat-Nam's Legacy	1U	2	Instant	"Shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw two cards at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Alliances	30	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Library of Lat-Nam	4U	5	Sorcery	"An opponent chooses one ?
? You draw three cards at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
? You search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Alliances	31	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Phantasmal Sphere	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Phantasmal Sphere, then sacrifice Phantasmal Sphere unless you pay {1} for each +1/+1 counter on it.
When Phantasmal Sphere leaves the battlefield, target opponent creates an X/X blue Orb creature token with flying, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Phantasmal Sphere."	U	U	Alliances	32	rare	Mark Tedin		
Soldevi Heretic	2U	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn. Target opponent may draw a card."	U	W	Alliances	33	common	Mike Kimble		
Soldevi Sage	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}, Sacrifice two lands: Draw three cards, then discard one of them."	U	U	Alliances	34	common	Carol Heyer		
Spiny Starfish	2U	3	Creature ? Starfish	"{U}: Regenerate Spiny Starfish.
At the beginning of each end step, if Spiny Starfish regenerated this turn, create a 0/1 blue Starfish creature token for each time it regenerated this turn."	U	U	Alliances	35	uncommon	Alan Rabinowitz		
Storm Crow	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Alliances	36	common	Sandra Everingham		
Storm Elemental	5U	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{U}, Exile the top card of your library: Tap target creature with flying.
{U}, Exile the top card of your library: If the exiled card is a snow land, Storm Elemental gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Alliances	37	uncommon	John Matson		
Suffocation	1U	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only if you were dealt damage this turn by a red instant or sorcery spell.
Suffocation deals 4 damage to the controller of the last red instant or sorcery spell that dealt damage to you this turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	U	U	Alliances	38	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Thought Lash	2UU	4	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep?Exile the top card of your library. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
When a player doesn't pay Thought Lash's cumulative upkeep, that player exiles all cards from their library.
Exile the top card of your library: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to you this turn."	U	U	Alliances	39	rare	Mark Tedin		
Tidal Control	1UU	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {2} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Pay 2 life or {2}: Counter target red or green spell. Any player may activate this ability."	U	U	Alliances	40	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Viscerid Armor	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
{1}{U}: Return Viscerid Armor to its owner's hand."	U	U	Alliances	41	common	Heather Hudson		
Viscerid Drone	1U	2	Creature ? Homarid Drone	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature and a Swamp: Destroy target nonartifact creature. It can't be regenerated.
{T}, Sacrifice a creature and a snow Swamp: Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated."	U	U	Alliances	42	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Balduvian Dead	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"{2}{R}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 3/1 black and red Graveborn creature token with haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	B	R	Alliances	43	uncommon	Mike Kimble		
Casting of Bones	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, draw three cards, then discard one of them."	B	B	Alliances	44	common	Anson Maddocks		
Contagion	3BB	5	Instant	"You may pay 1 life and exile a black card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Distribute two -2/-1 counters among one or two target creatures."	B	B	Alliances	45	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Diseased Vermin	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	"Whenever Diseased Vermin deals combat damage to a player, put an infection counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, Diseased Vermin deals X damage to target opponent previously dealt damage by it, where X is the number of infection counters on it."	B	B	Alliances	46	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Dystopia	1BB	3	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep?Pay 1 life. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a green or white permanent."	B	B	Alliances	47	rare	Ruth Thompson		
Fatal Lore	2BB	4	Sorcery	"An opponent chooses one ?
? You draw three cards.
? You destroy up to two target creatures that player controls. They can't be regenerated. That player draws up to three cards."	B	B	Alliances	48	rare	Lawrence Snelly		
Feast or Famine	3B	4	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
? Destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Alliances	49	common	Pete Venters		
Fevered Strength	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	B	B	Alliances	50	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Insidious Bookworms	B	1	Creature ? Worm	"When Insidious Bookworms dies, you may pay {1}{B}. If you do, target player discards a card at random."	B	B	Alliances	51	common	Greg Simanson		
Keeper of Tresserhorn	5B	6	Creature ? Avatar	"Whenever Keeper of Tresserhorn attacks and isn't blocked, it assigns no combat damage this turn and defending player loses 2 life."	B	B	Alliances	52	rare	Zak Plucinski & D. Alexander Gregory		
Krovikan Horror	3B	4	Creature ? Horror Spirit	"At the beginning of the end step, if Krovikan Horror is in your graveyard with a creature card directly above it, you may return Krovikan Horror to your hand.
{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Krovikan Horror deals 1 damage to any target."	B	B	Alliances	53	rare	Christopher Rush		
Krovikan Plague	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant non-Wall creature you control
When Krovikan Plague enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
Tap enchanted creature: Krovikan Plague deals 1 damage to any target. Put a -0/-1 counter on enchanted creature. Activate this ability only if enchanted creature is untapped."	B	B	Alliances	54	uncommon	Liz Danforth		
Lim-Dl's High Guard	1BB	3	Creature ? Skeleton	"First strike
{1}{B}: Regenerate Lim-Dl's High Guard."	B	B	Alliances	55	common	Anson Maddocks		
Misinformation	B	1	Instant	Put up to three target cards from an opponent's graveyard on top of their library in any order.	B	B	Alliances	56	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Phantasmal Fiend	3B	4	Creature ? Illusion	"{B}: Phantasmal Fiend gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{1}{U}: Switch Phantasmal Fiend's power and toughness until end of turn."	B	U	Alliances	57	common	Scott Kirschner		
Phyrexian Boon	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 as long as it's black. Otherwise, it gets -1/-2."	B	B	Alliances	58	common	Mark Tedin		
Ritual of the Machine	2BB	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Gain control of target nonartifact, nonblack creature."	B	B	Alliances	59	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Soldevi Adnate	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice a black or artifact creature: Add an amount of {B} equal to the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost."	B	B	Alliances	60	common	Christopher Rush		
Stench of Decay	1BB	3	Instant	Nonartifact creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Alliances	61	common	Heather Hudson		
Stromgald Spy	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Stromgald Spy attacks and isn't blocked, you may have defending player play with their hand revealed for as long as Stromgald Spy remains on the battlefield. If you do, Stromgald Spy assigns no combat damage this turn."	B	B	Alliances	62	uncommon	Zak Plucinski		
Agent of Stromgald	R	1	Creature ? Human Knight	{R}: Add {B}.	R	R	Alliances	64	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Balduvian Horde	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"When Balduvian Horde enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a card at random."	R	R	Alliances	65	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Balduvian War-Makers	4R	5	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"Haste
Rampage 1 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	R	R	Alliances	66	common	Mike Kimble		
Bestial Fury	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Bestial Fury enters the battlefield, draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.
Whenever enchanted creature becomes blocked, it gets +4/+0 and gains trample until end of turn."	R	R	Alliances	67	common	Mike Raabe		
Burnout	1R	2	Instant	"Counter target instant spell if it's blue.
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Alliances	68	uncommon	Mike Raabe		
Chaos Harlequin	2RR	4	Creature ? Human	"{R}: Exile the top card of your library. If that card is a land card, Chaos Harlequin gets -4/-0 until end of turn. Otherwise, Chaos Harlequin gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Alliances	69	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Death Spark	R	1	Instant	"Death Spark deals 1 damage to any target.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Death Spark is in your graveyard with a creature card directly above it, you may pay {1}. If you do, return Death Spark to your hand."	R	R	Alliances	70	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Enslaved Scout	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Scout	{2}: Enslaved Scout gains mountainwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Alliances	71	common	Rebecca Guay		
Gorilla Shaman	R	1	Creature ? Ape Shaman	{X}{X}{1}: Destroy target noncreature artifact with converted mana cost X.	R	R	Alliances	72	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Gorilla War Cry	1R	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat before blockers are declared.
All creatures gain menace until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."	R	R	Alliances	73	common	Bryon Wackwitz		
Guerrilla Tactics	1R	2	Instant	"Guerrilla Tactics deals 2 damage to any target.
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Guerrilla Tactics, Guerrilla Tactics deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Alliances	74	common	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Omen of Fire	3RR	5	Instant	Return all Islands to their owners' hands. Each player sacrifices a Plains or a white permanent for each white permanent they control.	R	R	Alliances	75	rare	Pete Venters		
Pillage	1RR	3	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or land. It can't be regenerated.	R	R	Alliances	76	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Primitive Justice	1R	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay {1}{R} and/or {1}{G} any number of times.
Destroy target artifact. For each additional {1}{R} you paid, destroy another target artifact. For each additional {1}{G} you paid, destroy another target artifact, and you gain 1 life."	R	R	Alliances	77	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Pyrokinesis	4RR	6	Instant	"You may exile a red card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Pyrokinesis deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures."	R	R	Alliances	78	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Rogue Skycaptain	2R	3	Creature ? Human Rogue Mercenary	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a wage counter on Rogue Skycaptain. You may pay {2} for each wage counter on it. If you don't, remove all wage counters from Rogue Skycaptain and an opponent gains control of it."	R	R	Alliances	79	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Soldier of Fortune	R	1	Creature ? Human Mercenary	"{R}, {T}: Target player shuffles their library."	R	R	Alliances	80	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Storm Shaman	2R	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Shaman	{R}: Storm Shaman gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Alliances	81	common	Carol Heyer		
Varchild's Crusader	3R	4	Creature ? Human Knight	{0}: Varchild's Crusader can't be blocked this turn except by Walls. Sacrifice Varchild's Crusader at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Alliances	82	common	Mark Poole		
Varchild's War-Riders	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Cumulative upkeep?Have an opponent create a 1/1 red Survivor creature token. (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Trample; rampage 1 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	R	R	Alliances	83	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Veteran's Voice	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Tap enchanted creature: Target creature other than the creature tapped this way gets +2/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if enchanted creature is untapped."	R	R	Alliances	84	common	Andi Rusu		
Bounty of the Hunt	3GG	5	Instant	"You may exile a green card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Distribute three +1/+1 counters among one, two, or three target creatures. For each +1/+1 counter you put on a creature this way, remove a +1/+1 counter from that creature at the beginning of the next cleanup step."	G	G	Alliances	85	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Elvish Bard	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Shaman	All creatures able to block Elvish Bard do so.	G	G	Alliances	87	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Elvish Ranger	2G	3	Creature ? Elf		G	G	Alliances	88	common	Terese Nielsen		
Elvish Spirit Guide	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Spirit	Exile Elvish Spirit Guide from your hand: Add {G}.	G	G	Alliances	89	uncommon	Julie Baroh		
Fyndhorn Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Fyndhorn Druid dies, if it was blocked this turn, you gain 4 life."	G	G	Alliances	90	common	Rob Alexander		
Gargantuan Gorilla	4GGG	7	Creature ? Ape	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a Forest. If you sacrifice a snow Forest this way, Gargantuan Gorilla gains trample until end of turn. If you don't sacrifice a Forest, sacrifice Gargantuan Gorilla and it deals 7 damage to you.
{T}: Gargantuan Gorilla deals damage equal to its power to another target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Gargantuan Gorilla."	G	G	Alliances	91	rare	Greg Simanson		
Gift of the Woods	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +0/+3 until end of turn and you gain 1 life."	G	G	Alliances	92	common	Susan Van Camp		
Gorilla Berserkers	3GG	5	Creature ? Ape Berserker	"Trample; rampage 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)
Gorilla Berserkers can't be blocked except by three or more creatures."	G	G	Alliances	93	common	John Matson		
Gorilla Chieftain	2GG	4	Creature ? Ape	{1}{G}: Regenerate Gorilla Chieftain.	G	G	Alliances	94	common	Quinton Hoover		
Kaysa	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	Green creatures you control get +1/+1.	G	G	Alliances	96	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Nature's Chosen	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
{0}: Untap enchanted creature. Activate this ability only during your turn and only once each turn.
Tap enchanted creature: Untap target artifact, creature, or land. Activate this ability only if enchanted creature is white and is untapped and only once each turn."	G	G	Alliances	97	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Nature's Wrath	4GG	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Nature's Wrath unless you pay {G}.
Whenever a player puts an Island or blue permanent onto the battlefield, that player sacrifices an Island or blue permanent.
Whenever a player puts a Swamp or black permanent onto the battlefield, that player sacrifices a Swamp or black permanent."	G	G	Alliances	98	rare	Liz Danforth		
Splintering Wind	2GG	4	Enchantment	"{2}{G}: Splintering Wind deals 1 damage to target creature. Create a 1/1 green Splinter creature token. It has flying and ""Cumulative upkeep {G}."" When it leaves the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to you and each creature you control. (At the beginning of its controller's upkeep, that player puts an age counter on it, then sacrifices it unless they pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	G	G	Alliances	99	rare	Ron Spencer		
Taste of Paradise	3G	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay {1}{G} any number of times.
You gain 3 life plus an additional 3 life for each additional {1}{G} you paid."	G	G	Alliances	100	common	Lawrence Snelly		
Tornado	4G	5	Enchantment	"Cumulative upkeep {G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
{2}{G}, Pay 3 life for each velocity counter on Tornado: Destroy target permanent and put a velocity counter on Tornado. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Alliances	101	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Undergrowth	G	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay {2}{R}.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. If this spell's additional cost was paid, this effect doesn't affect combat damage that would be dealt by red creatures."	G	R	Alliances	102	common	Pat Morrissey		
Whip Vine	2G	3	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender; reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
You may choose not to untap Whip Vine during your untap step.
{T}: Tap target creature with flying blocked by Whip Vine. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Whip Vine remains tapped."	G	G	Alliances	103	common	Allen Williams		
Yavimaya Ancients	3GG	5	Creature ? Treefolk	{G}: Yavimaya Ancients gets +1/-2 until end of turn.	G	G	Alliances	104	common	Quinton Hoover		
Yavimaya Ants	2GG	4	Creature ? Insect	"Trample, haste
Cumulative upkeep {G}{G} (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)"	G	G	Alliances	105	uncommon	Pat Morrissey		
Energy Arc	WU	2	Instant	Untap any number of target creatures. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by those creatures this turn.	W	W	Alliances	106	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Lim-Dl's Vault	UB	2	Instant	"Look at the top five cards of your library. As many times as you choose, you may pay 1 life, put those cards on the bottom of your library in any order, then look at the top five cards of your library. Then shuffle your library and put the last cards you looked at this way on top of it in any order."	U	U	Alliances	107	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Lim-Dl's Paladin	2BR	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may discard a card. If you don't, sacrifice Lim-Dl's Paladin and draw a card.
Whenever Lim-Dl's Paladin becomes blocked, it gets +6/+3 until end of turn.
Whenever Lim-Dl's Paladin attacks and isn't blocked, it assigns no combat damage this turn and defending player loses 4 life."	R	R	Alliances	108	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Surge of Strength	RG	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a red or green card.
Target creature gains trample and gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that creature's converted mana cost."	R	R	Alliances	109	uncommon	Ruth Thompson		
Nature's Blessing	2GW	4	Enchantment	"{G}{W}, Discard a card: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature or that creature gains banding, first strike, or trample. (This effect lasts indefinitely. Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding a player controls are blocking or being blocked by a creature, that player divides that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Alliances	110	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Wandering Mage	WUB	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Wizard	"{W}, Pay 1 life: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.
{U}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target Cleric or Wizard creature this turn.
{B}, Put a -1/-1 counter on a creature you control: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target player or planeswalker this turn."	W	W	Alliances	111	rare	Pete Venters		
Lord of Tresserhorn	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie	"When Lord of Tresserhorn enters the battlefield, you lose 2 life, you sacrifice two creatures, and target opponent draws two cards.
{B}: Regenerate Lord of Tresserhorn."	U	U	Alliances	112	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Misfortune	1BRG	4	Sorcery	"An opponent chooses one ?
? You put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control and gain 4 life.
? You put a -1/-1 counter on each creature that player controls and Misfortune deals 4 damage to that player."	R	R	Alliances	113	rare	Ron Spencer		
Winter's Night	RGW	3	World Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a snow land for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced. That land doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	W	W	Alliances	114	rare	Rob Alexander		
Phelddagrif	1GWU	4	Legendary Creature ? Phelddagrif	"{G}: Phelddagrif gains trample until end of turn. Target opponent creates a 1/1 green Hippo creature token.
{W}: Phelddagrif gains flying until end of turn. Target opponent gains 2 life.
{U}: Return Phelddagrif to its owner's hand. Target opponent may draw a card."	W	W	Alliances	115	rare	Amy Weber		
Ashnod's Cylix	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player looks at the top three cards of their library, puts one of them back on top of their library, then exiles the rest."			Alliances	117	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Astrolabe	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Astrolabe: Add two mana of any one color. Draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."			Alliances	118	common	Amy Weber		
Floodwater Dam	3	3	Artifact	"{X}{X}{1}, {T}: Tap X target lands."			Alliances	119	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Gustha's Scepter	0	0	Artifact	"{T}: Exile a card from your hand face down. You may look at it for as long as it remains exiled.
{T}: Return a card you own exiled with Gustha's Scepter to your hand.
When you lose control of Gustha's Scepter, put all cards exiled with Gustha's Scepter into their owner's graveyard."			Alliances	120	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Helm of Obedience	4	4	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Target opponent puts cards from the top of their library into their graveyard until a creature card or X cards are put into that graveyard this way, whichever comes first. If a creature card is put into that graveyard this way, sacrifice Helm of Obedience and put that card onto the battlefield under your control. X can't be 0."			Alliances	121	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Lodestone Bauble	0	0	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Lodestone Bauble: Put up to four target basic land cards from a player's graveyard on top of their library in any order. That player draws a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep."			Alliances	122	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Mishra's Groundbreaker	4	4	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Mishra's Groundbreaker: Target land becomes a 3/3 artifact creature that's still a land. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Alliances	123	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Nissa's Triumph	GG	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two basic Forest cards. If you control a Nissa planeswalker, instead search your library for up to three land cards. Reveal those cards, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	War of the Spark	170	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Paradise Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Paradise Druid has hexproof as long as it's untapped.(It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	War of the Spark	171	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Planewide Celebration	5GG	7	Sorcery	"Choose four. You may choose the same mode more than once.
? Create a 2/2 Citizen creature token that's all colors.
? Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Proliferate.
? You gain 4 life."	G	G	War of the Spark	172	rare	Wisnu Tan		
Storm the Citadel	4G	5	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, destroy target artifact or enchantment defending player controls."""	G	G	War of the Spark	178	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
"Vivien, Champion of the Wilds"	2G	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vivien	"You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.
+1: Until your next turn, up to one target creature gains vigilance and reach.
?2: Look at the top three cards of your library. Exile one face down and put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. For as long as it remains exiled, you may look at that card and you may cast it if it's a creature card."	G	G	War of the Spark	180	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Vivien's Arkbow	1G	2	Legendary Artifact	"{X}, {T}, Discard a card: Look at the top X cards of your library. You may put a creature card with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	War of the Spark	181	rare	Zack Stella		
"Ajani, the Greathearted"	2GW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"Creatures you control have vigilance.
+1: You gain 3 life.
?2: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control and a loyalty counter on each other planeswalker you control."	W	W	War of the Spark	184	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Angrath's Rampage	BR	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Target player sacrifices an artifact.
? Target player sacrifices a creature.
? Target player sacrifices a planeswalker."	R	R	War of the Spark	185	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Bioessence Hydra	3GU	5	Creature ? Hydra Mutant	"Trample
Bioessence Hydra enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each loyalty counter on planeswalkers you control.
Whenever one or more loyalty counters are put on planeswalkers you control, put that many +1/+1 counters on Bioessence Hydra."	U	U	War of the Spark	186	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Casualties of War	2BBGG	6	Sorcery	"Choose one or more ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target creature.
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Destroy target land.
? Destroy target planeswalker."	G	G	War of the Spark	187	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Cruel Celebrant	WB	2	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever Cruel Celebrant or another creature or planeswalker you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	W	W	War of the Spark	188	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Deathsprout	1BBG	4	Instant	"Destroy target creature. Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	War of the Spark	189	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Despark	WB	2	Instant	Exile target permanent with converted mana cost 4 or greater.	W	W	War of the Spark	190	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
"Domri, Anarch of Bolas"	1RG	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Domri	"Creatures you control get +1/+0.
+1: Add {R} or {G}. Creature spells you cast this turn can't be countered.
?2: Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control."	R	R	War of the Spark	191	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Domri's Ambush	RG	2	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then that creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don't control.	R	R	War of the Spark	192	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Dovin's Veto	WU	2	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Counter target noncreature spell."	W	W	War of the Spark	193	uncommon	Izzy		
Dreadhorde Butcher	BR	2	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Haste
Whenever Dreadhorde Butcher deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, put a +1/+1 counter on Dreadhorde Butcher.
When Dreadhorde Butcher dies, it deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	War of the Spark	194	rare	Piotr Dura		
Elite Guardmage	2WU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
When Elite Guardmage enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life and draw a card."	W	W	War of the Spark	195	uncommon	Pindurski		
Enter the God-Eternals	2UUB	5	Sorcery	"Enter the God-Eternals deals 4 damage to target creature and you gain life equal to the damage dealt this way. Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard. Amass 4. (Put four +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	196	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
"Feather, the Redeemed"	RWW	3	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets a creature you control, exile that card instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves. If you do, return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	War of the Spark	197	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Gleaming Overseer	1UB	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Gleaming Overseer enters the battlefield, amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)
Zombie tokens you control have hexproof and menace."	U	U	War of the Spark	198	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Heartwarming Redemption	2RW	4	Instant	"Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards plus one. You gain life equal to the number of cards in your hand."	W	W	War of the Spark	199	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Huatli's Raptor	GW	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Vigilance
When Huatli's Raptor enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	W	W	War of the Spark	200	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Invade the City	1UR	3	Sorcery	"Amass X, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard. (Put X +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	201	uncommon	Sung Choi		
Leyline Prowler	1BG	3	Creature ? Nightmare Beast	"Deathtouch, lifelink
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	War of the Spark	202	uncommon	YW Tang		
Living Twister	RRG	3	Creature ? Elemental	"{1}{R}, Discard a land card: Living Twister deals 2 damage to any target.
{G}: Return a tapped land you control to its owner's hand."	R	R	War of the Spark	203	rare	James Paick		
Mayhem Devil	1BR	3	Creature ? Devil	"Whenever a player sacrifices a permanent, Mayhem Devil deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	War of the Spark	204	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Merfolk Skydiver	GU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Mutant	"Flying
When Merfolk Skydiver enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
{3}{G}{U}: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	205	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Neoform	GU	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost, put that card onto the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it, then shuffle your library."	U	U	War of the Spark	206	uncommon	Bram Sels		
"Nicol Bolas, Dragon-God"	UBBBR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Bolas	"Nicol Bolas, Dragon-God has all loyalty abilities of all other planeswalkers on the battlefield.
+1: You draw a card. Each opponent exiles a card from their hand or a permanent they control.
?3: Destroy target creature or planeswalker.
?8: Each opponent who doesn't control a legendary creature or planeswalker loses the game."	U	U	War of the Spark	207	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Niv-Mizzet Reborn	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Avatar	"Flying
When Niv-Mizzet Reborn enters the battlefield, reveal the top ten cards of your library. For each color pair, choose a card that's exactly those colors from among them. Put the chosen cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	War of the Spark	208	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Oath of Kaya	1WB	3	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Kaya enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.
Whenever an opponent attacks a planeswalker you control with one or more creatures, Oath of Kaya deals 2 damage to that player and you gain 2 life."	W	W	War of the Spark	209	rare	Wesley Burt		
Pledge of Unity	1GW	3	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. You gain 1 life for each creature you control.	W	W	War of the Spark	210	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
"Ral, Storm Conduit"	2UR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ral	"Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, Ral, Storm Conduit deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.
+2: Scry 1.
?2: When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	War of the Spark	211	rare	Wesley Burt		
Ral's Outburst	2UR	4	Instant	Ral's Outburst deals 3 damage to any target. Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	U	U	War of the Spark	212	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
"Roalesk, Apex Hybrid"	2GGU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Mutant	"Flying, trample
When Roalesk, Apex Hybrid enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on another target creature you control.
When Roalesk dies, proliferate, then proliferate again. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there. Then do it again.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	213	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Role Reversal	UUR	3	Sorcery	Exchange control of two target permanents that share a permanent type.	U	U	War of the Spark	214	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Rubblebelt Rioters	1RG	3	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Haste
Whenever Rubblebelt Rioters attacks, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	R	R	War of the Spark	215	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Solar Blaze	2RW	4	Sorcery	Each creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	W	W	War of the Spark	216	rare	Adam Paquette		
"Sorin, Vengeful Bloodlord"	2WB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sorin	"As long as it's your turn, creatures and planeswalkers you control have lifelink.
+2: Sorin, Vengeful Bloodlord deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
?X: Return target creature card with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature is a Vampire in addition to its other types."	W	W	War of the Spark	217	rare	Tommy Arnold		
Soul Diviner	UB	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{T}, Remove a counter from an artifact, creature, land, or planeswalker you control: Draw a card."	U	U	War of the Spark	218	rare	Randy Vargas		
"Storrev, Devkarin Lich"	1BBG	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Elf Wizard	"Trample
Whenever Storrev, Devkarin Lich deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, return to your hand target creature or planeswalker card in your graveyard that wasn't put there this combat."	G	G	War of the Spark	219	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
"Tamiyo, Collector of Tales"	2GU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tamiyo	"Spells and abilities your opponents control can't cause you to discard cards or sacrifice permanents.
+1: Choose a nonland card name, then reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all cards with the chosen name from among them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
?3: Return target card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	War of the Spark	220	rare	Chase Stone		
"Teferi, Time Raveler"	1WU	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Teferi	"Each opponent can cast spells only any time they could cast a sorcery.
+1: Until your next turn, you may cast sorcery spells as though they had flash.
?3: Return up to one target artifact, creature, or enchantment to its owner's hand. Draw a card."	W	W	War of the Spark	221	rare	Chris Rallis		
Tenth District Legionnaire	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Haste
Whenever you cast a spell that targets Tenth District Legionnaire, put a +1/+1 counter on Tenth District Legionnaire, then scry 1."	W	W	War of the Spark	222	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Time Wipe	2WWU	5	Sorcery	"Return a creature you control to its owner's hand, then destroy all creatures."	W	W	War of the Spark	223	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Tolsimir, Friend to Wolves"	2GGW	5	Legendary Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Tolsimir, Friend to Wolves enters the battlefield, create Voja, Friend to Elves, a legendary 3/3 green and white Wolf creature token.
Whenever a Wolf enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 3 life and that creature fights up to one target creature you don't control."	W	W	War of the Spark	224	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Tyrant's Scorn	UB	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target creature with converted mana cost 3 or less.
? Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	War of the Spark	225	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Widespread Brutality	1BRR	4	Sorcery	"Amass 2, then the Army you amassed deals damage equal to its power to each non-Army creature. (To amass 2, put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	R	R	War of the Spark	226	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
"Angrath, Captain of Chaos"	2B/RB/R	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Angrath	"Creatures you control have menace.
?2: Amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	R	R	War of the Spark	227	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
"Ashiok, Dream Render"	1U/BU/B	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ashiok	"Spells and abilities your opponents control can't cause their controller to search their library.
?1: Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard. Then exile each opponent's graveyard."	U	U	War of the Spark	228	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
"Dovin, Hand of Control"	2W/U	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Dovin	"Artifact, instant, and sorcery spells your opponents cast cost {1} more to cast.
?1: Until your next turn, prevent all damage that would be dealt to and dealt by target permanent an opponent controls."	W	W	War of the Spark	229	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
"Huatli, the Sun's Heart"	2G/W	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Huatli	"Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
?3: You gain life equal to the greatest toughness among creatures you control."	W	W	War of the Spark	230	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
"Kaya, Bane of the Dead"	3W/BW/BW/B	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kaya	"Your opponents and permanents your opponents control with hexproof can be the targets of spells and abilities you control as though they didn't have hexproof.
?3: Exile target creature."	W	W	War of the Spark	231	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
"Kiora, Behemoth Beckoner"	2G/U	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kiora	"Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.
?1: Untap target permanent."	U	U	War of the Spark	232	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
"Nahiri, Storm of Stone"	2R/WR/W	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nahiri	"As long as it's your turn, creatures you control have first strike and equip abilities you activate cost {1} less to activate.
?X: Nahiri, Storm of Stone deals X damage to target tapped creature."	W	W	War of the Spark	233	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
"Saheeli, Sublime Artificer"	1U/RU/R	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Saheeli	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
?2: Target artifact you control becomes a copy of another target artifact or creature you control until end of turn, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types."	U	U	War of the Spark	234	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
"Samut, Tyrant Smasher"	2R/GR/G	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Samut	"Creatures you control have haste.
?1: Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains haste until end of turn. Scry 1."	R	R	War of the Spark	235	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
"Vraska, Swarm's Eminence"	2B/GB/G	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vraska	"Whenever a creature you control with deathtouch deals damage to a player or planeswalker, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.
?2: Create a 1/1 black Assassin creature token with deathtouch and ""Whenever this creature deals damage to a planeswalker, destroy that planeswalker."""	G	G	War of the Spark	236	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Firemind Vessel	4	4	Artifact	"Firemind Vessel enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add two mana of different colors."			War of the Spark	237	uncommon	Jenn Ravenna		
God-Pharaoh's Statue	6	6	Legendary Artifact	"Spells your opponents cast cost {2} more to cast.
At the beginning of your end step, each opponent loses 1 life."			War of the Spark	238	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
"Gideon, the Oathsworn"	4WW	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"Whenever you attack with two or more non-Gideon creatures, put a +1/+1 counter on each of those creatures.
+2: Until end of turn, Gideon, the Oathsworn becomes a 5/5 white Soldier creature that's still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn. (He can't attack if he was cast this turn.)
?9: Exile Gideon, the Oathsworn and each creature your opponents control."	W	W	War of the Spark	265	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
"Jace, Arcane Strategist"	4UU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"Whenever you draw your second card each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
+1: Draw a card.
?7: Creatures you control can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	War of the Spark	270	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
"Tezzeret, Master of the Bridge"	4UB	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"Creature and planeswalker spells you cast have affinity for artifacts. (They cost {1} less to cast for each artifact you control.)
+2: Tezzeret, Master of the Bridge deals X damage to each opponent, where X is the number of artifacts you control. You gain X life.
?3: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.
?8: Exile the top ten cards of your library. Put all artifact cards from among them onto the battlefield."	U	U	War of the Spark	275	mythic	Chase Stone		
Gideon's Battle Cry	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Gideon, the Oathsworn, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	W	W	War of the Spark	267	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Gideon's Company	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever you gain life, put two +1/+1 counters on Gideon's Company.
{3}{W}: Put a loyalty counter on target Gideon planeswalker."	W	W	War of the Spark	268	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
Jace's Projection	2UU	4	Creature ? Wizard Illusion	"Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Jace's Projection.
{3}{U}: Put a loyalty counter on target Jace planeswalker."	U	U	War of the Spark	272	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Jace's Ruse	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creatures to their owner's hand. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Jace, Arcane Strategist, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	U	U	War of the Spark	273	rare	Clint Cearley		
Ajani's Pridemate	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Ajani's Pridemate."	W	W	War of the Spark	4	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Battlefield Promotion	1W	2	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. That creature gains first strike until end of turn. You gain 2 life.	W	W	War of the Spark	5	common	Scott Murphy		
Bulwark Giant	5W	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"When Bulwark Giant enters the battlefield, you gain 5 life."	W	W	War of the Spark	7	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Charmed Stray	W	1	Creature ? Cat	"Lifelink
When Charmed Stray enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control named Charmed Stray."	W	W	War of the Spark	8	common	Chris Rahn		
Divine Arrow	1W	2	Instant	Divine Arrow deals 4 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	War of the Spark	10	common	Kieran Yanner		
Enforcer Griffin	4W	5	Creature ? Griffin	Flying	W	W	War of the Spark	11	common	Johan Grenier		
Gideon's Sacrifice	W	1	Instant	Choose a creature or planeswalker you control. All damage that would be dealt this turn to you and permanents you control is dealt to the chosen permanent instead (if it's still on the battlefield).	W	W	War of the Spark	14	common	Chris Rallis		
Ironclad Krovod	3W	4	Creature ? Beast		W	W	War of the Spark	19	common	Sam Rowan		
Law-Rune Enforcer	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}, {T}: Tap target creature with converted mana cost 2 or greater."	W	W	War of the Spark	20	common	Eric Deschamps		
Loxodon Sergeant	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"Vigilance
When Loxodon Sergeant enters the battlefield, other creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	War of the Spark	21	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Makeshift Battalion	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Makeshift Battalion and at least two other creatures attack, put a +1/+1 counter on Makeshift Battalion."	W	W	War of the Spark	22	common	Zoltan Boros		
Martyr for the Cause	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Martyr for the Cause dies, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	W	W	War of the Spark	23	common	Zoltan Boros		
Pouncing Lynx	1W	2	Creature ? Cat	"As long as it's your turn, Pouncing Lynx has first strike."	W	W	War of the Spark	25	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Rising Populace	2W	3	Creature ? Human	"Whenever another creature or planeswalker you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Rising Populace."	W	W	War of the Spark	29	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Teyo's Lightshield	2W	3	Creature ? Illusion	"When Teyo's Lightshield enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."	W	W	War of the Spark	33	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Topple the Statue	2W	3	Instant	"Tap target permanent. If it's an artifact, destroy it.
Draw a card."	W	W	War of the Spark	35	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Trusted Pegasus	2W	3	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying
Whenever Trusted Pegasus attacks, target attacking creature without flying gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	War of the Spark	36	common	Chris Rahn		
Wanderer's Strike	4W	5	Sorcery	"Exile target creature, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	W	W	War of the Spark	38	common	Sara Winters		
War Screecher	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{5}{W}, {T}: Other creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	War of the Spark	39	common	Dan Scott		
Ashiok's Skulker	4U	5	Creature ? Nightmare	{3}{U}: Ashiok's Skulker can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	War of the Spark	40	common	Livia Prima		
Augur of Bolas	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Augur of Bolas enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an instant or sorcery card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	War of the Spark	41	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
Aven Eternal	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Bird Warrior	"Flying
When Aven Eternal enters the battlefield, amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	42	common	Johan Grenier		
Callous Dismissal	1U	2	Sorcery	"Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.
Amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	44	common	Mathias Kollros		
Contentious Plan	1U	2	Sorcery	"Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
Draw a card."	U	U	War of the Spark	46	common	Eric Deschamps		
Crush Dissent	3U	4	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}.
Amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	47	common	Mike Bierek		
Erratic Visionary	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	War of the Spark	48	common	Randy Vargas		
Kasmina's Transmutation	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 1/1."	U	U	War of the Spark	57	common	Uriah Voth		
Kiora's Dambreaker	5U	6	Creature ? Leviathan	"When Kiora's Dambreaker enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	58	common	Mathias Kollros		
Naga Eternal	2U	3	Creature ? Zombie Naga		U	U	War of the Spark	60	common	Johann Bodin		
No Escape	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target creature or planeswalker spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard.
Scry 1."	U	U	War of the Spark	63	common	G-host Lee		
Relentless Advance	3U	4	Sorcery	"Amass 3. (Put three +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	64	common	Stanton Feng		
Sky Theater Strix	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Sky Theater Strix gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	War of the Spark	67	common	Chris Seaman		
Spellkeeper Weird	2U	3	Creature ? Weird	"{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Spellkeeper Weird: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	War of the Spark	69	common	James Paick		
Stealth Mission	2U	3	Sorcery	Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control. That creature can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	War of the Spark	70	common	Heonhwa Choe		
Tamiyo's Epiphany	3U	4	Sorcery	"Scry 4, then draw two cards."	U	U	War of the Spark	71	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Teferi's Time Twist	1U	2	Instant	"Exile target permanent you control. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step. If it enters the battlefield as a creature, it enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	War of the Spark	72	common	Ralph Horsley		
Thunder Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Elemental Drake	"Flying
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Thunder Drake."	U	U	War of the Spark	73	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Wall of Runes	U	1	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Wall of Runes enters the battlefield, scry 1."	U	U	War of the Spark	75	common	Zezhou Chen		
Aid the Fallen	1B	2	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return target planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	War of the Spark	76	common	Sara Winters		
Banehound	B	1	Creature ? Nightmare Hound	"Lifelink, haste"	B	B	War of the Spark	77	common	YW Tang		
Charity Extractor	3B	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Lifelink	B	B	War of the Spark	81	common	Matt Stewart		
Davriel's Shadowfugue	3B	4	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards and loses 2 life.	B	B	War of the Spark	84	common	Daarken		
Duskmantle Operative	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	Duskmantle Operative can't be blocked by creatures with power 4 or greater.	B	B	War of the Spark	88	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Herald of the Dreadhorde	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"When Herald of the Dreadhorde dies, amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	B	B	War of the Spark	93	common	Heonhwa Choe		
Kaya's Ghostform	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature or planeswalker you control
When enchanted permanent dies or is put into exile, return that card to the battlefield under your control."	B	B	War of the Spark	94	common	Johan Grenier		
Lazotep Behemoth	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Hippo		B	B	War of the Spark	95	common	Zezhou Chen		
Lazotep Reaver	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Beast	"When Lazotep Reaver enters the battlefield, amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	B	B	War of the Spark	96	common	Craig J Spearing		
Ob Nixilis's Cruelty	2B	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	B	B	War of the Spark	101	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Shriekdiver	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Bird Warrior	"Flying
{1}: Shriekdiver gains haste until end of turn."	B	B	War of the Spark	103	common	Piotr Dura		
Sorin's Thirst	BB	2	Instant	Sorin's Thirst deals 2 damage to target creature and you gain 2 life.	B	B	War of the Spark	104	common	Daarken		
Spark Harvest	B	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay {3}{B}.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker."	B	B	War of the Spark	105	common	Kieran Yanner		
Spark Reaper	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"{3}, Sacrifice a creature or planeswalker: You gain 1 life and draw a card."	B	B	War of the Spark	106	common	Zoltan Boros		
Tithebearer Giant	5B	6	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"When Tithebearer Giant enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	War of the Spark	107	common	Wisnu Tan		
Toll of the Invasion	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	B	B	War of the Spark	108	common	Joe Slucher		
Unlikely Aid	1B	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	B	B	War of the Spark	109	common	Viktor Titov		
Vampire Opportunist	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire	{6}{B}: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	B	B	War of the Spark	110	common	Jason Rainville		
Vraska's Finisher	2B	3	Creature ? Gorgon Assassin	"When Vraska's Finisher enters the battlefield, destroy target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls that was dealt damage this turn."	B	B	War of the Spark	112	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Ahn-Crop Invader	2R	3	Creature ? Zombie Minotaur Warrior	"As long as it's your turn, Ahn-Crop Invader has first strike.
{1}, Sacrifice another creature: Ahn-Crop Invader gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	War of the Spark	113	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Blindblast	2R	3	Instant	"Blindblast deals 1 damage to target creature. That creature can't block this turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	War of the Spark	114	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Burning Prophet	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Burning Prophet gets +1/+0 until end of turn, then scry 1."	R	R	War of the Spark	117	common	Mathias Kollros		
Chainwhip Cyclops	4R	5	Creature ? Cyclops Warrior	{3}{R}: Target creature can't block this turn.	R	R	War of the Spark	118	common	Johann Bodin		
Goblin Assailant	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior		R	R	War of the Spark	128	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Goblin Assault Team	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Haste
When Goblin Assault Team dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."	R	R	War of the Spark	129	common	Zoltan Boros		
Grim Initiate	R	1	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"First strike
When Grim Initiate dies, amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	R	R	War of the Spark	130	common	Jason Felix		
Heartfire	1R	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or planeswalker.
Heartfire deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	War of the Spark	131	common	Craig J Spearing		
Honor the God-Pharaoh	2R	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards. Amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	R	R	War of the Spark	132	common	David Palumbo		
Invading Manticore	5R	6	Creature ? Zombie Manticore	"When Invading Manticore enters the battlefield, amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	R	R	War of the Spark	134	common	Jehan Choo		
Jaya's Greeting	1R	2	Instant	Jaya's Greeting deals 3 damage to target creature. Scry 1.	R	R	War of the Spark	136	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Nahiri's Stoneblades	1R	2	Instant	Up to two target creatures each get +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	War of the Spark	139	common	Micah Epstein		
Raging Kronch	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	Raging Kronch can't attack alone.	R	R	War of the Spark	141	common	Steve Prescott		
Samut's Sprint	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains haste until end of turn. Scry 1.	R	R	War of the Spark	142	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Sarkhan's Catharsis	4R	5	Instant	Sarkhan's Catharsis deals 5 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	War of the Spark	144	common	Zack Stella		
Spellgorger Weird	2R	3	Creature ? Weird	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Spellgorger Weird."	R	R	War of the Spark	145	common	James Paick		
Turret Ogre	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Reach
When Turret Ogre enters the battlefield, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, Turret Ogre deals 2 damage to each opponent."	R	R	War of the Spark	148	common	Johann Bodin		
Arboreal Grazer	G	1	Creature ? Beast	"Reach
When Arboreal Grazer enters the battlefield, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped."	G	G	War of the Spark	149	common	Jason Rainville		
Arlinn's Wolf	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf	Arlinn's Wolf can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	G	G	War of the Spark	151	common	Kimonas Theodossiou		
Band Together	2G	3	Instant	Up to two target creatures you control each deal damage equal to their power to another target creature.	G	G	War of the Spark	153	common	Josh Hass		
Bloom Hulk	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Elemental	"When Bloom Hulk enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	G	G	War of the Spark	154	common	Even Amundsen		
Centaur Nurturer	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Druid	"When Centaur Nurturer enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	War of the Spark	156	common	Even Amundsen		
Courage in Crisis	2G	3	Sorcery	"Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	G	G	War of the Spark	158	common	Micah Epstein		
Forced Landing	1G	2	Instant	Put target creature with flying on the bottom of its owner's library.	G	G	War of the Spark	161	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Kraul Stinger	2G	3	Creature ? Insect Assassin	Deathtouch	G	G	War of the Spark	165	common	Randy Vargas		
Kronch Wrangler	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Kronch Wrangler."	G	G	War of the Spark	166	common	Steve Prescott		
New Horizons	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When New Horizons enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add two mana of any one color."""	G	G	War of the Spark	168	common	Eytan Zana		
Pollenbright Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Pollenbright Druid enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
? Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	G	G	War of the Spark	173	common	Matt Stewart		
Primordial Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	War of the Spark	174	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Return to Nature	1G	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target enchantment.
? Exile target card from a graveyard."	G	G	War of the Spark	175	common	Alayna Danner		
Snarespinner	1G	2	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Whenever Snarespinner blocks a creature with flying, Snarespinner gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	War of the Spark	176	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Steady Aim	1G	2	Instant	Untap target creature. It gets +1/+4 and gains reach until end of turn.	G	G	War of the Spark	177	common	Ralph Horsley		
Thundering Ceratok	4G	5	Creature ? Rhino	"Trample
When Thundering Ceratok enters the battlefield, other creatures you control gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	War of the Spark	179	common	Izzy		
Vivien's Grizzly	2G	3	Creature ? Bear Spirit	"{3}{G}: Look at the top card of your library. If it's a creature or planeswalker card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand. If you don't put the card into your hand, put it on the bottom of your library."	G	G	War of the Spark	182	common	Lius Lasahido		
Wardscale Crocodile	4G	5	Creature ? Crocodile	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	War of the Spark	183	common	Zezhou Chen		
Guild Globe	2	2	Artifact	"When Guild Globe enters the battlefield, draw a card.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Guild Globe: Add two mana of different colors."			War of the Spark	239	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Iron Bully	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
When Iron Bully enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."			War of the Spark	240	common	Aaron Miller		
Mana Geode	3	3	Artifact	"When Mana Geode enters the battlefield, scry 1.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			War of the Spark	241	common	Raoul Vitale		
Prismite	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{2}: Add one mana of any color.			War of the Spark	242	common	Alayna Danner		
Saheeli's Silverwing	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Saheeli's Silverwing enters the battlefield, look at the top card of target opponent's library."			War of the Spark	243	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Desperate Lunge	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn. You gain 2 life.	W	W	War of the Spark	266	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Guildpact Informant	2U	3	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Whenever Guildpact Informant deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	271	common	Randy Gallegos		
"Karn, Scion of Urza"	4	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Karn	"+1: Reveal the top two cards of your library. An opponent chooses one of them. Put that card into your hand and exile the other with a silver counter on it.
?1: Put a card you own with a silver counter on it from exile into your hand.
?2: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with ""This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control."""			Dominaria	1	mythic	Chase Stone		
Adamant Will	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Dominaria	2	common	Alex Konstad		
Aven Sentry	3W	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	Flying	W	W	Dominaria	3	common	Dan Scott		
"Baird, Steward of Argive"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance
Creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays {1} for each of those creatures."	W	W	Dominaria	4	uncommon	Christine Choi		
Benalish Honor Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	Benalish Honor Guard gets +1/+0 for each legendary creature you control.	W	W	Dominaria	5	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Benalish Marshal	WWW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	Other creatures you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Dominaria	6	rare	Mark Zug		
Blessed Light	4W	5	Instant	Exile target creature or enchantment.	W	W	Dominaria	7	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Board the Weatherlight	1W	2	Sorcery	"Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a historic card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	8	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Call the Cavalry	3W	4	Sorcery	Create two 2/2 white Knight creature tokens with vigilance.	W	W	Dominaria	9	common	Scott Murphy		
Charge	W	1	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Dominaria	10	common	Zezhou Chen		
D'Avenant Trapper	2W	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"Whenever you cast a historic spell, tap target creature an opponent controls. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	11	common	Winona Nelson		
"Danitha Capashen, Paragon"	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike, vigilance, lifelink
Aura and Equipment spells you cast cost {1} less to cast."	W	W	Dominaria	12	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Daring Archaeologist	3W	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Daring Archaeologist enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.
Whenever you cast a historic spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Daring Archaeologist. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	13	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Dauntless Bodyguard	W	1	Creature ? Human Knight	"As Dauntless Bodyguard enters the battlefield, choose another creature you control.
Sacrifice Dauntless Bodyguard: The chosen creature gains indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Dominaria	14	uncommon	Manuel Castan		
Dub	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has first strike, and is a Knight in addition to its other types."	W	W	Dominaria	15	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
"Evra, Halcyon Witness"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	"Lifelink
{4}: Exchange your life total with Evra, Halcyon Witness's power."	W	W	Dominaria	16	rare	Johannes Voss		
Excavation Elephant	4W	5	Creature ? Elephant	"Kicker {1}{W} (You may pay an additional {1}{W} as you cast this spell.)
When Excavation Elephant enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Dominaria	17	common	Viktor Titov		
Healing Grace	W	1	Instant	Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn by a source of your choice. You gain 3 life.	W	W	Dominaria	20	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Invoke the Divine	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 4 life.	W	W	Dominaria	22	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Knight of Grace	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
Hexproof from black (This creature can't be the target of black spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Knight of Grace gets +1/+0 as long as any player controls a black permanent."	W	W	Dominaria	23	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Knight of New Benalia	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight		W	W	Dominaria	24	common	Josu Hernaiz		
"Kwende, Pride of Femeref"	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Double strike
Creatures you control with first strike have double strike."	W	W	Dominaria	25	uncommon	Daarken		
Lyra Dawnbringer	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike, lifelink
Other Angels you control get +1/+1 and have lifelink."	W	W	Dominaria	26	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Mesa Unicorn	1W	2	Creature ? Unicorn	Lifelink	W	W	Dominaria	27	common	Winona Nelson		
On Serra's Wings	3W	4	Legendary Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature is legendary, gets +1/+1, and has flying, vigilance, and lifelink."	W	W	Dominaria	28	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Pegasus Courser	2W	3	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying
Whenever Pegasus Courser attacks, another target attacking creature gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Dominaria	29	common	Mathias Kollros		
Sanctum Spirit	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Lifelink
Discard a historic card: Sanctum Spirit gains indestructible until end of turn. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	30	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Seal Away	1W	2	Enchantment	"Flash
When Seal Away enters the battlefield, exile target tapped creature an opponent controls until Seal Away leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Dominaria	31	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Sergeant-at-Arms	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Kicker {2}{W} (You may pay an additional {2}{W} as you cast this spell.)
When Sergeant-at-Arms enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Dominaria	32	common	Scott Murphy		
Serra Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Dominaria	33	uncommon	Donato Giancola		
Serra Disciple	1W	2	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying, first strike
Whenever you cast a historic spell, Serra Disciple gets +1/+1 until end of turn. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	34	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
"Shalai, Voice of Plenty"	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
You, planeswalkers you control, and other creatures you control have hexproof.
{4}{G}{G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Dominaria	35	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
"Teshar, Ancestor's Apostle"	3W	4	Legendary Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying
Whenever you cast a historic spell, return target creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	36	rare	Even Amundsen		
Urza's Ruinous Blast	4W	5	Legendary Sorcery	"(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Exile all nonland permanents that aren't legendary."	W	W	Dominaria	39	rare	Noah Bradley		
Academy Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
If Academy Drake was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Dominaria	40	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Academy Journeymage	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"This spell costs {1} less to cast if you control a Wizard.
When Academy Journeymage enters the battlefield, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand."	U	U	Dominaria	41	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Arcane Flight	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying."	U	U	Dominaria	43	common	Steve Prescott		
Artificer's Assistant	U	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever you cast a historic spell, scry 1. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic. To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Dominaria	44	common	Chris Seaman		
Befuddle	2U	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Dominaria	45	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Blink of an Eye	1U	2	Instant	"Kicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} as you cast this spell.)
Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. If this spell was kicked, draw a card."	U	U	Dominaria	46	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Cloudreader Sphinx	4U	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Cloudreader Sphinx enters the battlefield, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Dominaria	47	common	Kev Walker		
Cold-Water Snapper	5U	6	Creature ? Turtle	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Dominaria	48	common	Jason Kang		
Curator's Ward	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
Enchanted permanent has hexproof.
When enchanted permanent leaves the battlefield, if it was historic, draw two cards. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	U	U	Dominaria	49	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Deep Freeze	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has base power and toughness 0/4, has defender, loses all other abilities, and is a blue Wall in addition to its other colors and types."	U	U	Dominaria	50	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Diligent Excavator	1U	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast a historic spell, target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	U	U	Dominaria	51	uncommon	Mark Behm		
Homarid Explorer	3U	4	Creature ? Homarid Scout	"When Homarid Explorer enters the battlefield, target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Dominaria	53	common	Jehan Choo		
Karn's Temporal Sundering	4UU	6	Legendary Sorcery	"(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Target player takes an extra turn after this one. Return up to one target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Exile Karn's Temporal Sundering."	U	U	Dominaria	55	rare	Noah Bradley		
Merfolk Trickster	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Flash
When Merfolk Trickster enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. It loses all abilities until end of turn."	U	U	Dominaria	56	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
"Naban, Dean of Iteration"	1U	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"If a Wizard entering the battlefield under your control causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time."	U	U	Dominaria	58	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
"Naru Meha, Master Wizard"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash
When Naru Meha, Master Wizard enters the battlefield, copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Other Wizards you control get +1/+1."	U	U	Dominaria	59	mythic	Matt Stewart		
Precognition Field	3U	4	Enchantment	"You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may cast the top card of your library if it's an instant or sorcery card.
{3}: Exile the top card of your library."	U	U	Dominaria	61	rare	Adam Paquette		
Relic Runner	1U	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Relic Runner can't be blocked if you've cast a historic spell this turn. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	U	U	Dominaria	62	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Sage of Lat-Nam	1U	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card."	U	U	Dominaria	64	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Sentinel of the Pearl Trident	4U	5	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Flash
When Sentinel of the Pearl Trident enters the battlefield, you may exile target historic permanent you control. If you do, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	U	U	Dominaria	65	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
"Slinn Voda, the Rising Deep"	6UU	8	Legendary Creature ? Leviathan	"Kicker {1}{U} (You may pay an additional {1}{U} as you cast this spell.)
When Slinn Voda, the Rising Deep enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, return all creatures to their owners' hands except for Merfolk, Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, and Serpents."	U	U	Dominaria	66	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Tempest Djinn	UUU	3	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Tempest Djinn gets +1/+0 for each basic Island you control."	U	U	Dominaria	68	rare	Zezhou Chen		
"Tetsuko Umezawa, Fugitive"	1U	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	Creatures you control with power or toughness 1 or less can't be blocked.	U	U	Dominaria	69	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Tolarian Scholar	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard		U	U	Dominaria	71	common	Sara Winters		
Unwind	2U	3	Instant	Counter target noncreature spell. Untap up to three lands.	U	U	Dominaria	72	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Vodalian Arcanist	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	{T}: Add {C}. Spend this mana only to cast an instant or sorcery spell.	U	U	Dominaria	73	common	Tyler Walpole		
Weight of Memory	3UU	5	Sorcery	Draw three cards. Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Dominaria	74	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Wizard's Retort	1UU	3	Instant	"This spell costs {1} less to cast if you control a Wizard.
Counter target spell."	U	U	Dominaria	75	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
"Zahid, Djinn of the Lamp"	4UU	6	Legendary Creature ? Djinn	"You may pay {3}{U} and tap an untapped artifact you control rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Flying"	U	U	Dominaria	76	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Blessing of Belzenlok	B	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+1 until end of turn. If it's legendary, it also gains lifelink until end of turn."	B	B	Dominaria	77	common	Joe Slucher		
Cabal Evangel	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric		B	B	Dominaria	78	common	Lius Lasahido		
Cabal Paladin	3B	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever you cast a historic spell, Cabal Paladin deals 2 damage to each opponent. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	B	B	Dominaria	79	common	Lius Lasahido		
Caligo Skin-Witch	1B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {3}{B} (You may pay an additional {3}{B} as you cast this spell.)
When Caligo Skin-Witch enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, each opponent discards two cards."	B	B	Dominaria	80	common	Daarken		
Cast Down	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target nonlegendary creature.	B	B	Dominaria	81	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Dark Bargain	3B	4	Instant	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard. Dark Bargain deals 2 damage to you.	B	B	Dominaria	83	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Deathbloom Thallid	2B	3	Creature ? Fungus	"When Deathbloom Thallid dies, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	B	B	Dominaria	84	common	Mike Burns		
Demonic Vigor	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to its owner's hand."	B	B	Dominaria	85	common	Zoltan Boros		
Demonlord Belzenlok	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Demon	"Flying, trample
When Demonlord Belzenlok enters the battlefield, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card, then put that card into your hand. If the card's converted mana cost is 4 or greater, repeat this process. Demonlord Belzenlok deals 1 damage to you for each card put into your hand this way."	B	B	Dominaria	86	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Divest	B	1	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. You choose an artifact or creature card from it. That player discards that card.	B	B	Dominaria	87	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Dread Shade	BBB	3	Creature ? Shade	{B}: Dread Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Dominaria	88	rare	G-host Lee		
Drudge Sentinel	2B	3	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"{3}: Tap Drudge Sentinel. It gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	B	B	Dominaria	89	common	Sara Winters		
Eviscerate	3B	4	Sorcery	Destroy target creature.	B	B	Dominaria	91	common	Min Yum		
Feral Abomination	5B	6	Creature ? Thrull	Deathtouch	B	B	Dominaria	92	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Fungal Infection	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.	B	B	Dominaria	94	common	Filip Burburan		
"Josu Vess, Lich Knight"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Kicker {5}{B} (You may pay an additional {5}{B} as you cast this spell.)
Menace
When Josu Vess, Lich Knight enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, create eight 2/2 black Zombie Knight creature tokens with menace."	B	B	Dominaria	95	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
"Kazarov, Sengir Pureblood"	5BB	7	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
Whenever a creature an opponent controls is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on Kazarov, Sengir Pureblood.
{3}{R}: Kazarov deals 2 damage to target creature."	B	R	Dominaria	96	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Knight of Malice	1B	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
Hexproof from white (This creature can't be the target of white spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Knight of Malice gets +1/+0 as long as any player controls a white permanent."	B	B	Dominaria	97	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Lich's Mastery	3BBB	6	Legendary Enchantment	"Hexproof
You can't lose the game.
Whenever you gain life, draw that many cards.
Whenever you lose life, for each 1 life you lost, exile a permanent you control or a card from your hand or graveyard.
When Lich's Mastery leaves the battlefield, you lose the game."	B	B	Dominaria	98	rare	Daarken		
Lingering Phantom	5B	6	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever you cast a historic spell, you may pay {B}. If you do, return Lingering Phantom from your graveyard to your hand. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	B	B	Dominaria	99	uncommon	YW Tang		
Rat Colony	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"Rat Colony gets +1/+0 for each other Rat you control.
A deck can have any number of cards named Rat Colony."	B	B	Dominaria	101	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Soul Salvage	2B	3	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Dominaria	104	common	Daarken		
Stronghold Confessor	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
If Stronghold Confessor was kicked, it enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it."	B	B	Dominaria	105	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Thallid Omnivore	3B	4	Creature ? Fungus	"{1}, Sacrifice another creature: Thallid Omnivore gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If a Saproling was sacrificed this way, you gain 2 life."	B	B	Dominaria	106	common	Mathias Kollros		
Thallid Soothsayer	3B	4	Creature ? Fungus	"{2}, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card."	B	B	Dominaria	107	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
"Torgaar, Famine Incarnate"	6BB	8	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This spell costs {2} less to cast for each creature sacrificed this way.
When Torgaar, Famine Incarnate enters the battlefield, up to one target player's life total becomes half their starting life total, rounded down."	B	B	Dominaria	108	rare	Lius Lasahido		
"Urgoros, the Empty One"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Urgoros, the Empty One deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card at random. If the player can't, you draw a card."	B	B	Dominaria	109	uncommon	Daarken		
Vicious Offering	1B	2	Instant	"Kicker?Sacrifice a creature. (You may sacrifice a creature in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, that creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn instead."	B	B	Dominaria	110	common	Anthony Palumbo		
"Whisper, Blood Liturgist"	3B	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice two creatures: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Dominaria	111	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Windgrace Acolyte	4B	5	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Flying
When Windgrace Acolyte enters the battlefield, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard and you gain 3 life."	B	B	Dominaria	112	common	Bayard Wu		
"Yargle, Glutton of Urborg"	4B	5	Legendary Creature ? Frog Spirit		B	B	Dominaria	113	uncommon	Jehan Choo		
Yawgmoth's Vile Offering	4B	5	Legendary Sorcery	"(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Put up to one target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. Destroy up to one target creature or planeswalker. Exile Yawgmoth's Vile Offering."	B	B	Dominaria	114	rare	Noah Bradley		
Bloodstone Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever you cast a spell, if that spell was kicked, Bloodstone Goblin gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Dominaria	115	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Champion of the Flame	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
Champion of the Flame gets +2/+2 for each Aura and Equipment attached to it."	R	R	Dominaria	116	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Fervent Strike	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike and haste until end of turn.	R	R	Dominaria	117	common	Winona Nelson		
Fiery Intervention	4R	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Fiery Intervention deals 5 damage to target creature.
? Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Dominaria	118	common	Adam Paquette		
Fight with Fire	2R	3	Sorcery	"Kicker {5}{R} (You may pay an additional {5}{R} as you cast this spell.)
Fight with Fire deals 5 damage to target creature. If this spell was kicked, it deals 10 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets instead. (Those targets can include players and planeswalkers.)"	R	R	Dominaria	119	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Fire Elemental	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental		R	R	Dominaria	120	common	Joe Slucher		
Firefist Adept	4R	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Firefist Adept enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to target creature an opponent controls, where X is the number of Wizards you control."	R	R	Dominaria	121	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Frenzied Rage	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Dominaria	124	common	Simon Dominic		
Ghitu Chronicler	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Kicker {3}{R} (You may pay an additional {3}{R} as you cast this spell.)
When Ghitu Chronicler enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Dominaria	125	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Ghitu Journeymage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Ghitu Journeymage enters the battlefield, if you control another Wizard, Ghitu Journeymage deals 2 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Dominaria	126	common	Jason Rainville		
Ghitu Lavarunner	R	1	Creature ? Human Wizard	"As long as there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, Ghitu Lavarunner gets +1/+0 and has haste."	R	R	Dominaria	127	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Goblin Barrage	3R	4	Sorcery	"Kicker?Sacrifice an artifact or Goblin. (You may sacrifice an artifact or Goblin in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Goblin Barrage deals 4 damage to target creature. If this spell was kicked, it also deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Dominaria	128	uncommon	Bram Sels		
Goblin Chainwhirler	RRR	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"First strike
When Goblin Chainwhirler enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each opponent and each creature and planeswalker they control."	R	R	Dominaria	129	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Haphazard Bombardment	5R	6	Enchantment	"When Haphazard Bombardment enters the battlefield, choose four nonenchantment permanents you don't control and put an aim counter on each of them.
At the beginning of your end step, if two or more permanents you don't control have an aim counter on them, destroy one of those permanents at random."	R	R	Dominaria	131	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Jaya Ballard	2RRR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jaya	"+1: Add {R}{R}{R}. Spend this mana only to cast instant or sorcery spells.
+1: Discard up to three cards, then draw that many cards.
?8: You get an emblem with ""You may cast instant and sorcery cards from your graveyard. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead."""	R	R	Dominaria	132	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Jaya's Immolating Inferno	XRR	2	Legendary Sorcery	"(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Jaya's Immolating Inferno deals X damage to each of up to three targets."	R	R	Dominaria	133	rare	Noah Bradley		
Keldon Overseer	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Kicker {3}{R} (You may pay an additional {3}{R} as you cast this spell.)
Haste
When Keldon Overseer enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Dominaria	134	common	Jason A. Engle		
Keldon Raider	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Keldon Raider enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Dominaria	135	common	Chris Seaman		
Keldon Warcaller	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Keldon Warcaller attacks, put a lore counter on target Saga you control."	R	R	Dominaria	136	common	Aaron Miller		
Orcish Vandal	1R	2	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Orcish Vandal deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Dominaria	137	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
Radiating Lightning	3R	4	Instant	Radiating Lightning deals 3 damage to target player and 1 damage to each creature that player controls.	R	R	Dominaria	138	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Rampaging Cyclops	3R	4	Creature ? Cyclops	Rampaging Cyclops gets -2/-0 as long as two or more creatures are blocking it.	R	R	Dominaria	139	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Run Amok	1R	2	Instant	Target attacking creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.	R	R	Dominaria	140	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Seismic Shift	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Up to two target creatures can't block this turn.	R	R	Dominaria	141	common	James Paick		
Shivan Fire	R	1	Instant	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Shivan Fire deals 2 damage to target creature. If this spell was kicked, it deals 4 damage to that creature instead."	R	R	Dominaria	142	common	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
"Squee, the Immortal"	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin	"You may cast Squee, the Immortal from your graveyard or from exile."	R	R	Dominaria	146	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Two-Headed Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Whenever Two-Headed Giant attacks, flip two coins. If both coins come up heads, Two-Headed Giant gains double strike until end of turn. If both coins come up tails, Two-Headed Giant gains menace until end of turn."	R	R	Dominaria	147	rare	Simon Dominic		
"Valduk, Keeper of the Flame"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, for each Aura and Equipment attached to Valduk, Keeper of the Flame, create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with trample and haste. Exile those tokens at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Dominaria	148	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Verix Bladewing	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
Flying
When Verix Bladewing enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, create Karox Bladewing, a legendary 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Dominaria	149	mythic	XiaoDi Jin		
Warcry Phoenix	3R	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying, haste
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, you may pay {2}{R}. If you do, return Warcry Phoenix from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped and attacking."	R	R	Dominaria	150	uncommon	Daarken		
Warlord's Fury	R	1	Sorcery	"Creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Dominaria	151	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Wizard's Lightning	2R	3	Instant	"This spell costs {2} less to cast if you control a Wizard.
Wizard's Lightning deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Dominaria	152	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Adventurous Impulse	G	1	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Dominaria	153	common	Titus Lunter		
Ancient Animus	1G	2	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control if it's legendary. Then it fights target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Dominaria	154	common	Titus Lunter		
Arbor Armament	G	1	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. That creature gains reach until end of turn.	G	G	Dominaria	155	common	Bayard Wu		
Baloth Gorger	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
If Baloth Gorger was kicked, it enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Dominaria	156	common	Zezhou Chen		
Corrosive Ooze	1G	2	Creature ? Ooze	"Whenever Corrosive Ooze blocks or becomes blocked by an equipped creature, destroy all Equipment attached to that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Dominaria	158	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Elfhame Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add {G}.
{T}: Add {G}{G}. Spend this mana only to cast kicked spells."	G	G	Dominaria	159	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Fungal Plots	1G	2	Enchantment	"{1}{G}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice two Saprolings: You gain 2 life and draw a card."	G	G	Dominaria	160	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Gaea's Protector	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental Warrior	Gaea's Protector must be blocked if able.	G	G	Dominaria	162	common	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Gift of Growth	1G	2	Instant	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Untap target creature. It gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If this spell was kicked, that creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn instead."	G	G	Dominaria	163	common	YW Tang		
Grow from the Ashes	2G	3	Sorcery	"Kicker {2} (You may pay an additional {2} as you cast this spell.)
Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. If this spell was kicked, instead search your library for two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Dominaria	164	common	Richard Wright		
"Grunn, the Lonely King"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Ape Warrior	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
If Grunn, the Lonely King was kicked, it enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Grunn attacks alone, double its power and toughness until end of turn."	G	G	Dominaria	165	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Kamahl's Druidic Vow	XGG	2	Legendary Sorcery	"(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Look at the top X cards of your library. You may put any number of land and/or legendary permanent cards with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest into your graveyard."	G	G	Dominaria	166	rare	Noah Bradley		
Krosan Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Centaur Druid	"Kicker {4}{G} (You may pay an additional {4}{G} as you cast this spell.)
When Krosan Druid enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, you gain 10 life."	G	G	Dominaria	167	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Llanowar Elves	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Dominaria	168	common	Chris Rahn		
Llanowar Envoy	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Scout	{1}{G}: Add one mana of any color.	G	G	Dominaria	169	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Llanowar Scout	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	{T}: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	G	G	Dominaria	170	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Mammoth Spider	4G	5	Creature ? Spider	Reach	G	G	Dominaria	171	common	Lars Grant-West		
"Marwyn, the Nurturer"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever another Elf enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Marwyn, the Nurturer.
{T}: Add an amount of {G} equal to Marwyn's power."	G	G	Dominaria	172	rare	Chris Rahn		
"Multani, Yavimaya's Avatar"	4GG	6	Legendary Creature ? Elemental Avatar	"Reach, trample
Multani, Yavimaya's Avatar gets +1/+1 for each land you control and each land card in your graveyard.
{1}{G}, Return two lands you control to their owner's hand: Return Multani from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Dominaria	174	mythic	Ryan Yee		
Nature's Spiral	1G	2	Sorcery	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Dominaria	175	uncommon	Florian de Gesincourt		
Pierce the Sky	1G	2	Instant	Pierce the Sky deals 7 damage to target creature with flying.	G	G	Dominaria	176	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Saproling Migration	1G	2	Sorcery	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Create two 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens. If this spell was kicked, create four of those tokens instead."	G	G	Dominaria	178	common	Christine Choi		
Spore Swarm	3G	4	Instant	Create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.	G	G	Dominaria	180	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Sporecrown Thallid	1G	2	Creature ? Fungus	Each other creature you control that's a Fungus or Saproling gets +1/+1.	G	G	Dominaria	181	uncommon	Bram Sels		
Steel Leaf Champion	GGG	3	Creature ? Elf Knight	Steel Leaf Champion can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	G	G	Dominaria	182	rare	Chris Rahn		
Sylvan Awakening	2G	3	Sorcery	"Until your next turn, all lands you control become 2/2 Elemental creatures with reach, indestructible, and haste. They're still lands."	G	G	Dominaria	183	rare	Adam Paquette		
Territorial Allosaurus	2GG	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Kicker {2}{G} (You may pay an additional {2}{G} as you cast this spell.)
When Territorial Allosaurus enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, it fights another target creature."	G	G	Dominaria	184	rare	Jonathan Kuo		
Untamed Kavu	1G	2	Creature ? Kavu	"Kicker {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell.)
Vigilance, trample
If Untamed Kavu was kicked, it enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Dominaria	186	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Wild Onslaught	3G	4	Instant	"Kicker {4} (You may pay an additional {4} as you cast this spell.)
Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. If this spell was kicked, put two +1/+1 counters on each creature you control instead."	G	G	Dominaria	188	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Yavimaya Sapherd	2G	3	Creature ? Fungus	"When Yavimaya Sapherd enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Dominaria	189	common	Christine Choi		
"Adeliz, the Cinder Wind"	1UR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying, haste
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Wizards you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Dominaria	190	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Arvad the Cursed	3WB	5	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Deathtouch, lifelink
Other legendary creatures you control get +2/+2."	W	W	Dominaria	191	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
"Aryel, Knight of Windgrace"	2WB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance
{2}{W}, {T}: Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
{B}, {T}, Tap X untapped Knights you control: Destroy target creature with power X or less."	W	W	Dominaria	192	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Darigaaz Reincarnated	4BRG	7	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample, haste
If Darigaaz Reincarnated would die, instead exile it with three egg counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Darigaaz is exiled with an egg counter on it, remove an egg counter from it. Then if Darigaaz has no egg counters on it, return it to the battlefield."	R	R	Dominaria	193	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
"Garna, the Bloodflame"	3BR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Flash
When Garna, the Bloodflame enters the battlefield, return to your hand all creature cards in your graveyard that were put there from anywhere this turn.
Other creatures you control have haste."	R	R	Dominaria	194	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Grand Warlord Radha	2RG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Haste
Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, add that much mana in any combination of {R} and/or {G}. Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."	R	R	Dominaria	195	rare	Anna Steinbauer		
"Hallar, the Firefletcher"	1RG	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Archer	"Trample
Whenever you cast a spell, if that spell was kicked, put a +1/+1 counter on Hallar, the Firefletcher, then Hallar deals damage equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it to each opponent."	R	R	Dominaria	196	uncommon	Bram Sels		
"Jhoira, Weatherlight Captain"	2UR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast a historic spell, draw a card. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	U	U	Dominaria	197	mythic	Brad Rigney		
"Jodah, Archmage Eternal"	1URW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
You may pay {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} rather than pay the mana cost for spells that you cast."	W	W	Dominaria	198	rare	Yongjae Choi		
"Muldrotha, the Gravetide"	3BGU	6	Legendary Creature ? Elemental Avatar	"During each of your turns, you may play up to one permanent card of each permanent type from your graveyard. (If a card has multiple permanent types, choose one as you play it.)"	U	U	Dominaria	199	mythic	Jason Rainville		
Oath of Teferi	3WU	5	Legendary Enchantment	"When Oath of Teferi enters the battlefield, exile another target permanent you control. Return it to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.
You may activate the loyalty abilities of planeswalkers you control twice each turn rather than only once."	W	W	Dominaria	200	rare	Wesley Burt		
Primevals' Glorious Rebirth	5WB	7	Legendary Sorcery	"(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Return all legendary permanent cards from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Dominaria	201	rare	Noah Bradley		
"Raff Capashen, Ship's Mage"	2WU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash
Flying
You may cast historic spells as though they had flash. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"	W	W	Dominaria	202	uncommon	John Stanko		
"Rona, Disciple of Gix"	1UB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Rona, Disciple of Gix enters the battlefield, you may exile target historic card from your graveyard. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)
You may cast nonland cards exiled with Rona.
{4}, {T}: Exile the top card of your library."	U	U	Dominaria	203	uncommon	Tommy Arnold		
"Shanna, Sisay's Legacy"	GW	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Shanna, Sisay's Legacy can't be the target of abilities your opponents control.
Shanna gets +1/+1 for each creature you control."	W	W	Dominaria	204	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
"Slimefoot, the Stowaway"	1BG	3	Legendary Creature ? Fungus	"Whenever a Saproling you control dies, Slimefoot, the Stowaway deals 1 damage to each opponent and you gain 1 life.
{4}: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Dominaria	205	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
"Tatyova, Benthic Druid"	3GU	5	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Druid	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life and draw a card."	U	U	Dominaria	206	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
"Teferi, Hero of Dominaria"	3WU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Teferi	"+1: Draw a card. At the beginning of the next end step, untap up to two lands.
?3: Put target nonland permanent into its owner's library third from the top.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Whenever you draw a card, exile target permanent an opponent controls."""	W	W	Dominaria	207	mythic	Chris Rallis		
"Tiana, Ship's Caretaker"	3RW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel Artificer	"Flying, first strike
Whenever an Aura or Equipment you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may return that card to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Dominaria	208	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Amaranthine Wall	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender
{2}: Amaranthine Wall gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"			Dominaria	210	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Blackblade Reforged	2	2	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each land you control.
Equip legendary creature {3}
Equip {7}"			Dominaria	211	rare	Chris Rahn		
Bloodtallow Candle	1	1	Artifact	"{6}, {T}, Sacrifice Bloodtallow Candle: Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn."			Dominaria	212	common	Alayna Danner		
Damping Sphere	2	2	Artifact	"If a land is tapped for two or more mana, it produces {C} instead of any other type and amount.
Each spell a player casts costs {1} more to cast for each other spell that player has cast this turn."			Dominaria	213	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Forebear's Blade	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and has vigilance and trample.
Whenever equipped creature dies, attach Forebear's Blade to target creature you control.
Equip {3}"			Dominaria	214	rare	Scott Murphy		
Guardians of Koilos	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Guardians of Koilos enters the battlefield, you may return another target historic permanent you control to its owner's hand. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"			Dominaria	216	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Helm of the Host	4	4	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a token that's a copy of equipped creature, except the token isn't legendary if equipped creature is legendary. That token gains haste.
Equip {5}"			Dominaria	217	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Howling Golem	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Whenever Howling Golem attacks or blocks, each player draws a card."			Dominaria	218	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Jhoira's Familiar	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Historic spells you cast cost {1} less to cast. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"			Dominaria	220	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Jousting Lance	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
As long as it's your turn, equipped creature has first strike.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Dominaria	221	common	Alayna Danner		
Mishra's Self-Replicator	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Assembly-Worker	"Whenever you cast a historic spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of Mishra's Self-Replicator. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"			Dominaria	223	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Mox Amber	0	0	Legendary Artifact	{T}: Add one mana of any color among legendary creatures and planeswalkers you control.			Dominaria	224	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Navigator's Compass	1	1	Artifact	"When Navigator's Compass enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
{T}: Until end of turn, target land you control becomes the basic land type of your choice in addition to its other types."			Dominaria	225	common	Sung Choi		
Pardic Wanderer	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Trample			Dominaria	226	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Powerstone Shard	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Add {C} for each artifact you control named Powerstone Shard.			Dominaria	227	common	Lindsey Look		
Shield of the Realm	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"If a source would deal damage to equipped creature, prevent 2 of that damage.
Equip {1}"			Dominaria	228	uncommon	Manuel Castan		
Short Sword	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Dominaria	229	common	John Severin Brassell		
Skittering Surveyor	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Skittering Surveyor enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Dominaria	230	common	Dan Scott		
Sorcerer's Wand	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker. If this creature is a Wizard, it deals 2 damage to that player or planeswalker instead.""
Equip {3}"			Dominaria	231	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Sparring Construct	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Sparring Construct dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."			Dominaria	232	common	Mark Behm		
Thran Temporal Gateway	4	4	Legendary Artifact	"{4}, {T}: You may put a historic permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"			Dominaria	233	rare	Jason Felix		
"Traxos, Scourge of Kroog"	4	4	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Trample
Traxos, Scourge of Kroog enters the battlefield tapped and doesn't untap during your untap step.
Whenever you cast a historic spell, untap Traxos. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"			Dominaria	234	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Urza's Tome	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Draw a card. Then discard a card unless you exile a historic card from your graveyard. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)"			Dominaria	235	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Voltaic Servant	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"At the beginning of your end step, untap target artifact."			Dominaria	236	common	Jonas De Ro		
Weatherlight	4	4	Legendary Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying
Whenever Weatherlight deals combat damage to a player, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a historic card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)
Crew 3"			Dominaria	237	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Teferi, Timebender"	4WU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Teferi	"+2: Untap up to one target artifact or creature.
?3: You gain 2 life and draw two cards.
?9: Take an extra turn after this one."	W	W	Dominaria	270	mythic	Zack Stella		
Temporal Machinations	2U	3	Sorcery	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. If you control an artifact, draw a card."	U	U	Dominaria	271	common	Zack Stella		
"Niambi, Faithful Healer"	1WU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Niambi, Faithful Healer enters the battlefield, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Teferi, Timebender, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	W	W	Dominaria	272	rare	Greg Opalinski		
Teferi's Sentinel	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"As long as you control a Teferi planeswalker, Teferi's Sentinel gets +4/+0."			Dominaria	273	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
"Chandra, Bold Pyromancer"	4RR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Add {R}{R}. Chandra, Bold Pyromancer deals 2 damage to target player.
?3: Chandra, Bold Pyromancer deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
?7: Chandra, Bold Pyromancer deals 10 damage to target player and each creature and planeswalker they control."	R	R	Dominaria	275	mythic	Zack Stella		
Chandra's Outburst	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Chandra's Outburst deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Chandra, Bold Pyromancer, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	R	R	Dominaria	276	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Karplusan Hound	3R	4	Creature ? Hound	"Whenever Karplusan Hound attacks, if you control a Chandra planeswalker, this creature deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Dominaria	277	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Pyromantic Pilgrim	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Dominaria	278	common	Magali Villeneuve		
In Bolas's Clutches	4UU	6	Legendary Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
You control enchanted permanent.
Enchanted permanent is legendary."	U	U	Dominaria	54	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Final Parting	3BB	5	Sorcery	Search your library for two cards. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library.	B	B	Dominaria	93	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Settle the Score	2BB	4	Sorcery	Exile target creature. Put two loyalty counters on a planeswalker you control.	B	B	Dominaria	103	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Broken Bond	1G	2	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	G	G	Dominaria	157	common	Ryan Yee		
Firesong and Sunspeaker	4RW	6	Legendary Creature ? Minotaur Cleric	"Red instant and sorcery spells you control have lifelink.
Whenever a white instant or sorcery spell causes you to gain life, Firesong and Sunspeaker deals 3 damage to target creature or player."	W	W	Dominaria	280	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Bishop's Soldier	1W	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	Lifelink	W	W	Ixalan	6	common	Scott Murphy		
Encampment Keeper	W	1	Creature ? Hound	"First strike
{7}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Encampment Keeper: Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	11	common	Craig J Spearing		
Kinjalli's Caller	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	Dinosaur spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.	W	W	Ixalan	18	common	Sara Winters		
Legion's Judgment	2W	3	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.	W	W	Ixalan	21	common	Lucas Graciano		
Looming Altisaur	3W	4	Creature ? Dinosaur		W	W	Ixalan	23	common	Lars Grant-West		
Paladin of the Bloodstained	3W	4	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"When Paladin of the Bloodstained enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Vampire creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Ixalan	25	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Pious Interdiction	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Pious Interdiction enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
Enchanted creature can't attack or block."	W	W	Ixalan	26	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Pterodon Knight	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Pterodon Knight has flying as long as you control a Dinosaur.	W	W	Ixalan	28	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Queen's Commission	2W	3	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 white Vampire creature tokens with lifelink.	W	W	Ixalan	29	common	Mark Behm		
Ritual of Rejuvenation	2W	3	Instant	"You gain 4 life.
Draw a card."	W	W	Ixalan	32	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Shining Aerosaur	4W	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	Flying	W	W	Ixalan	36	common	Dan Scott		
Skyblade of the Legion	1W	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	Flying	W	W	Ixalan	37	common	Daarken		
Slash of Talons	W	1	Instant	Slash of Talons deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Ixalan	38	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Sunrise Seeker	4W	5	Creature ? Human Scout	"Vigilance
When Sunrise Seeker enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	W	W	Ixalan	40	common	Filip Burburan		
Territorial Hammerskull	2W	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Whenever Territorial Hammerskull attacks, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Ixalan	41	common	Lars Grant-West		
Vampire's Zeal	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it's a Vampire, it gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	43	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Depths of Desire	2U	3	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. Create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Ixalan	52	common	John Stanko		
Dive Down	U	1	Instant	Target creature you control gets +0/+3 and gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Ixalan	53	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Headwater Sentries	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior		U	U	Ixalan	58	common	Naomi Baker		
One With the Wind	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying."	U	U	Ixalan	64	common	Naomi Baker		
Pirate's Prize	3U	4	Sorcery	"Draw two cards. Create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Ixalan	68	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Prosperous Pirates	4U	5	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Prosperous Pirates enters the battlefield, create two colorless Treasure artifact tokens with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Ixalan	69	common	Josh Hass		
Run Aground	3U	4	Instant	Put target artifact or creature on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Ixalan	72	common	Sara Winters		
Shaper Apprentice	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	Shaper Apprentice has flying as long as you control another Merfolk.	U	U	Ixalan	75	common	Yongjae Choi		
Shipwreck Looter	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Raid ? When Shipwreck Looter enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Ixalan	76	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Shore Keeper	U	1	Creature ? Trilobite	"{7}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Shore Keeper: Draw three cards."	U	U	Ixalan	77	common	YW Tang		
Siren Lookout	2U	3	Creature ? Siren Pirate	"Flying
When Siren Lookout enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Ixalan	78	common	Chris Rallis		
Siren's Ruse	1U	2	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. If a Pirate was exiled this way, draw a card."	U	U	Ixalan	80	common	Ben Maier		
Storm Sculptor	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Storm Sculptor can't be blocked.
When Storm Sculptor enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Ixalan	85	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Watertrap Weaver	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Watertrap Weaver enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Ixalan	87	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Wind Strider	4U	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Flash
Flying"	U	U	Ixalan	88	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Anointed Deacon	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may have target Vampire get +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Ixalan	89	common	Winona Nelson		
Blight Keeper	B	1	Creature ? Bat Imp	"Flying
{7}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Blight Keeper: Target opponent loses 4 life and you gain 4 life."	B	B	Ixalan	92	common	Ben Wootten		
Contract Killing	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. Create two colorless Treasure artifact tokens with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Ixalan	95	common	Winona Nelson		
Costly Plunder	1B	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Draw two cards."	B	B	Ixalan	96	common	Ben Maier		
Deadeye Tormentor	2B	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Raid ? When Deadeye Tormentor enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, target opponent discards a card."	B	B	Ixalan	98	common	Eric Deschamps		
Desperate Castaways	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	Desperate Castaways can't attack unless you control an artifact.	B	B	Ixalan	101	common	Zoltan Boros		
Dire Fleet Hoarder	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Dire Fleet Hoarder dies, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Ixalan	102	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Dire Fleet Interloper	3B	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Menace
When Dire Fleet Interloper enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Ixalan	103	common	John Severin Brassell		
Fathom Fleet Cutthroat	3B	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Fathom Fleet Cutthroat enters the battlefield, destroy target creature an opponent controls that was dealt damage this turn."	B	B	Ixalan	107	common	Josu Hernaiz		
March of the Drowned	B	1	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return two target Pirate cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Ixalan	112	common	Ben Wootten		
Mark of the Vampire	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has lifelink."	B	B	Ixalan	113	common	Yongjae Choi		
Queen's Agent	5B	6	Creature ? Vampire Scout	"Lifelink
When Queen's Agent enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Ixalan	114	common	Winona Nelson		
Queen's Bay Soldier	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier		B	B	Ixalan	115	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Skittering Heartstopper	B	1	Creature ? Insect	{B}: Skittering Heartstopper gains deathtouch until end of turn.	B	B	Ixalan	122	common	Aaron Miller		
Skulduggery	B	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1."	B	B	Ixalan	123	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Skymarch Bloodletter	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Flying
When Skymarch Bloodletter enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Ixalan	124	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Spreading Rot	4B	5	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Its controller loses 2 life.	B	B	Ixalan	125	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Vanquish the Weak	2B	3	Instant	Destroy target creature with power 3 or less.	B	B	Ixalan	127	common	David Palumbo		
Brazen Buccaneers	3R	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Haste
When Brazen Buccaneers enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	R	R	Ixalan	134	common	Joseph Meehan		
Fathom Fleet Firebrand	1R	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	{1}{R}: Fathom Fleet Firebrand gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Ixalan	142	common	Zezhou Chen		
Fire Shrine Keeper	R	1	Creature ? Elemental	"Menace
{7}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Fire Shrine Keeper: It deals 3 damage to each of up to two target creatures."	R	R	Ixalan	144	common	Zoltan Boros		
Firecannon Blast	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Firecannon Blast deals 3 damage to target creature.
Raid ? Firecannon Blast deals 6 damage to that creature instead if you attacked with a creature this turn."	R	R	Ixalan	145	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Frenzied Raptor	2R	3	Creature ? Dinosaur		R	R	Ixalan	146	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Headstrong Brute	2R	3	Creature ? Orc Pirate	"Headstrong Brute can't block.
Headstrong Brute has menace as long as you control another Pirate."	R	R	Ixalan	147	common	Yongjae Choi		
Nest Robber	1R	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	Haste	R	R	Ixalan	152	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Rile	R	1	Sorcery	"Rile deals 1 damage to target creature you control. That creature gains trample until end of turn.
Draw a card."	R	R	Ixalan	158	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Rummaging Goblin	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"{T}, Discard a card: Draw a card."	R	R	Ixalan	160	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Storm Fleet Pyromancer	4R	5	Creature ? Human Pirate Wizard	"Raid ? When Storm Fleet Pyromancer enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, Storm Fleet Pyromancer deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Ixalan	163	common	Kieran Yanner		
Sun-Crowned Hunters	4RR	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Sun-Crowned Hunters is dealt damage, it deals 3 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Ixalan	164	common	Aaron Miller		
Swashbuckling	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has haste."	R	R	Ixalan	167	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Thrash of Raptors	3R	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"As long as you control another Dinosaur, Thrash of Raptors gets +2/+0 and has trample."	R	R	Ixalan	168	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Tilonalli's Knight	1R	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Tilonalli's Knight attacks, if you control a Dinosaur, Tilonalli's Knight gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Ixalan	169	common	Lius Lasahido		
Unfriendly Fire	4R	5	Instant	Unfriendly Fire deals 4 damage to any target.	R	R	Ixalan	172	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Ancient Brontodon	6GG	8	Creature ? Dinosaur		G	G	Ixalan	175	common	Jakub Kasper		
Blinding Fog	2G	3	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures this turn. Creatures you control gain hexproof until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Ixalan	177	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Blossom Dryad	2G	3	Creature ? Dryad	{T}: Untap target land.	G	G	Ixalan	178	common	Shreya Shetty		
Commune with Dinosaurs	G	1	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a Dinosaur or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	G	G	Ixalan	181	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Crash the Ramparts	2G	3	Instant	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.	G	G	Ixalan	182	common	Mark Behm		
Crushing Canopy	2G	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target creature with flying.
? Destroy target enchantment."	G	G	Ixalan	183	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Deeproot Warrior	1G	2	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"Whenever Deeproot Warrior becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Ixalan	186	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Grazing Whiptail	2GG	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	Reach	G	G	Ixalan	190	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Ixalli's Diviner	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"When Ixalli's Diviner enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Ixalan	192	common	Lucas Graciano		
Ixalli's Keeper	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{7}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Ixalli's Keeper: Target creature gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Ixalan	193	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Jade Guardian	3G	4	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
When Jade Guardian enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target Merfolk you control."	G	G	Ixalan	194	common	Chris Seaman		
Jungle Delver	G	1	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	{3}{G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Jungle Delver.	G	G	Ixalan	195	common	Kieran Yanner		
Pounce	1G	2	Instant	Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Ixalan	200	common	Lucas Graciano		
Ravenous Daggertooth	2G	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Ravenous Daggertooth is dealt damage, you gain 2 life."	G	G	Ixalan	202	common	Jakub Kasper		
River Heralds' Boon	1G	2	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and a +1/+1 counter on up to one target Merfolk.	G	G	Ixalan	204	common	Alex Konstad		
Spike-Tailed Ceratops	4G	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	Spike-Tailed Ceratops can block an additional creature each combat.	G	G	Ixalan	209	common	Lius Lasahido		
Tishana's Wayfinder	2G	3	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"When Tishana's Wayfinder enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Ixalan	211	common	Shreya Shetty		
Gilded Sentinel	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem				Ixalan	239	common	Izzy		
Hierophant's Chalice	3	3	Artifact	"When Hierophant's Chalice enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {C}."			Ixalan	240	common	John Stanko		
Pirate's Cutlass	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"When Pirate's Cutlass enters the battlefield, attach it to target Pirate you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Ixalan	242	common	John Stanko		
Prying Blade	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.""
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Ixalan	244	common	Aaron Miller		
Castaway's Despair	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Castaway's Despair enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Ixalan	281	common	Chris Rahn		
Huatli's Snubhorn	1W	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	W	W	Ixalan	286	common	Randy Vargas		
Adanto Vanguard	1W	2	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"As long as Adanto Vanguard is attacking, it gets +2/+0.
Pay 4 life: Adanto Vanguard gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Ixalan	1	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Ashes of the Abhorrent	1W	2	Enchantment	"Players can't cast spells from graveyards or activate abilities of cards in graveyards.
Whenever a creature dies, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Ixalan	2	rare	Daarken		
Axis of Mortality	4WW	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have two target players exchange life totals."	W	W	Ixalan	3	mythic	Bastien L. Deharme		
Bellowing Aegisaur	5W	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Bellowing Aegisaur is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control."	W	W	Ixalan	4	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Bishop of Rebirth	3WW	5	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"Vigilance
Whenever Bishop of Rebirth attacks, you may return target creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Ixalan	5	rare	Tommy Arnold		
Bright Reprisal	4W	5	Instant	"Destroy target attacking creature.
Draw a card."	W	W	Ixalan	7	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Duskborne Skymarcher	W	1	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"Flying
{W}, {T}: Target attacking Vampire gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	9	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Emissary of Sunrise	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"First strike
When Emissary of Sunrise enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	W	W	Ixalan	10	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Glorifier of Dusk	3WW	5	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Pay 2 life: Glorifier of Dusk gains flying until end of turn.
Pay 2 life: Glorifier of Dusk gains vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	12	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Goring Ceratops	5WW	7	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Double strike
Whenever Goring Ceratops attacks, other creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	13	rare	Zezhou Chen		
Imperial Aerosaur	3W	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Flying
When Imperial Aerosaur enters the battlefield, another target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	14	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Imperial Lancer	W	1	Creature ? Human Knight	Imperial Lancer has double strike as long as you control a Dinosaur.	W	W	Ixalan	15	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Inspiring Cleric	2W	3	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"When Inspiring Cleric enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Ixalan	16	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Ixalan's Binding	3W	4	Enchantment	"When Ixalan's Binding enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Ixalan's Binding leaves the battlefield.
Your opponents can't cast spells with the same name as the exiled card."	W	W	Ixalan	17	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Kinjalli's Sunwing	2W	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Flying
Creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	W	W	Ixalan	19	rare	Simon Dominic		
"Mavren Fein, Dusk Apostle"	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"Whenever one or more nontoken Vampires you control attack, create a 1/1 white Vampire creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Ixalan	24	rare	Daarken		
Priest of the Wakening Sun	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may reveal a Dinosaur card from your hand. If you do, you gain 2 life.
{3}{W}{W}, Sacrifice Priest of the Wakening Sun: Search your library for a Dinosaur card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Ixalan	27	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Rallying Roar	2W	3	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap them.	W	W	Ixalan	30	uncommon	John Stanko		
Sanguine Sacrament	XWW	2	Instant	You gain twice X life. Put Sanguine Sacrament on the bottom of its owner's library.	W	W	Ixalan	33	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Settle the Wreckage	2WW	4	Instant	"Exile all attacking creatures target player controls. That player may search their library for that many basic land cards, put those cards onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their library."	W	W	Ixalan	34	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Sheltering Light	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn. Scry 1. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy the creature.)"	W	W	Ixalan	35	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Steadfast Armasaur	3W	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Vigilance
{1}{W}, {T}: Steadfast Armasaur deals damage equal to its toughness to target creature blocking or blocked by it."	W	W	Ixalan	39	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Tocatli Honor Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Creatures entering the battlefield don't cause abilities to trigger.	W	W	Ixalan	42	rare	Sara Winters		
Wakening Sun's Avatar	5WWW	8	Creature ? Dinosaur Avatar	"When Wakening Sun's Avatar enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, destroy all non-Dinosaur creatures."	W	W	Ixalan	44	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Air Elemental	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Ixalan	45	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Arcane Adaptation	2U	3	Enchantment	"As Arcane Adaptation enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures you control are the chosen type in addition to their other types. The same is true for creature spells you control and creature cards you own that aren't on the battlefield."	U	U	Ixalan	46	rare	Mark Behm		
Chart a Course	1U	2	Sorcery	Draw two cards. Then discard a card unless you attacked with a creature this turn.	U	U	Ixalan	48	uncommon	James Ryman		
Daring Saboteur	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"{2}{U}: Daring Saboteur can't be blocked this turn.
Whenever Daring Saboteur deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Ixalan	49	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Deadeye Quartermaster	3U	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Deadeye Quartermaster enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Equipment or Vehicle card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Ixalan	50	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Deeproot Waters	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a Merfolk spell, create a 1/1 blue Merfolk creature token with hexproof. (A creature with hexproof can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Ixalan	51	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Dreamcaller Siren	2UU	4	Creature ? Siren Pirate	"Flash
Flying
Dreamcaller Siren can block only creatures with flying.
When Dreamcaller Siren enters the battlefield, if you control another Pirate, tap up to two target nonland permanents."	U	U	Ixalan	54	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Entrancing Melody	XUU	2	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature with converted mana cost X.	U	U	Ixalan	55	rare	Winona Nelson		
Fleet Swallower	5UU	7	Creature ? Fish	"Whenever Fleet Swallower attacks, target player puts the top half of their library, rounded up, into their graveyard."	U	U	Ixalan	57	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Herald of Secret Streams	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them can't be blocked.	U	U	Ixalan	59	rare	Sara Winters		
"Jace, Cunning Castaway"	1UU	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+1: Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card, then discard a card.
?2: Create a 2/2 blue Illusion creature token with ""When this creature becomes the target of a spell, sacrifice it.""
?5: Create two tokens that are copies of Jace, Cunning Castaway, except they're not legendary."	U	U	Ixalan	60	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
"Kopala, Warden of Waves"	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Spells your opponents cast that target a Merfolk you control cost {2} more to cast.
Abilities your opponents activate that target a Merfolk you control cost {2} more to activate."	U	U	Ixalan	61	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Lookout's Dispersal	2U	3	Instant	"This spell costs {1} less to cast if you control a Pirate.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays {4}."	U	U	Ixalan	62	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Navigator's Ruin	2U	3	Enchantment	"Raid ? At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked with a creature this turn, target opponent puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Ixalan	63	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Overflowing Insight	4UUU	7	Sorcery	Target player draws seven cards.	U	U	Ixalan	66	mythic	Lucas Graciano		
Perilous Voyage	1U	2	Instant	"Return target nonland permanent you don't control to its owner's hand. If its converted mana cost was 2 or less, scry 2."	U	U	Ixalan	67	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
River Sneak	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"River Sneak can't be blocked.
Whenever another Merfolk enters the battlefield under your control, River Sneak gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Ixalan	70	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
River's Rebuke	4UU	6	Sorcery	Return all nonland permanents target player controls to their owner's hand.	U	U	Ixalan	71	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Siren Stormtamer	U	1	Creature ? Siren Pirate Wizard	"Flying
{U}, Sacrifice Siren Stormtamer: Counter target spell or ability that targets you or a creature you control."	U	U	Ixalan	79	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Spell Swindle	3UU	5	Instant	"Counter target spell. Create X colorless Treasure artifact tokens, where X is that spell's converted mana cost. They have ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Ixalan	82	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Storm Fleet Aerialist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
Raid ? Storm Fleet Aerialist enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you attacked with a creature this turn."	U	U	Ixalan	83	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Storm Fleet Spy	2U	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Raid ? When Storm Fleet Spy enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, draw a card."	U	U	Ixalan	84	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Tempest Caller	2UU	4	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Tempest Caller enters the battlefield, tap all creatures target opponent controls."	U	U	Ixalan	86	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Bishop of the Bloodstained	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"When Bishop of the Bloodstained enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 1 life for each Vampire you control."	B	B	Ixalan	91	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Bloodcrazed Paladin	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Flash
Bloodcrazed Paladin enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature that died this turn."	B	B	Ixalan	93	rare	Daarken		
Boneyard Parley	5BB	7	Sorcery	Exile up to five target creature cards from graveyards. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put all cards from the pile of your choice onto the battlefield under your control and the rest into their owners' graveyards.	B	B	Ixalan	94	mythic	James Ryman		
Dark Nourishment	4B	5	Instant	Dark Nourishment deals 3 damage to any target. You gain 3 life.	B	B	Ixalan	97	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Deadeye Tracker	B	1	Creature ? Human Pirate	"{1}{B}, {T}: Exile two target cards from an opponent's graveyard. Deadeye Tracker explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Ixalan	99	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
Deathless Ancient	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Flying
Tap three untapped Vampires you control: Return Deathless Ancient from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Ixalan	100	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Dire Fleet Ravager	3BB	5	Creature ? Orc Pirate Wizard	"Menace, deathtouch
When Dire Fleet Ravager enters the battlefield, each player loses a third of their life, rounded up."	B	B	Ixalan	104	mythic	Bram Sels		
Fathom Fleet Captain	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Menace
Whenever Fathom Fleet Captain attacks, if you control another nontoken Pirate, you may pay {2}. If you do, create a 2/2 black Pirate creature token with menace."	B	B	Ixalan	106	rare	Matt Stewart		
Grim Captain's Call	2B	3	Sorcery	"Return a Pirate card from your graveyard to your hand, then do the same for Vampire, Dinosaur, and Merfolk."	B	B	Ixalan	108	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Heartless Pillage	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent discards two cards.
Raid ? If you attacked with a creature this turn, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Ixalan	109	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Kitesail Freebooter	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
When Kitesail Freebooter enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. Exile that card until Kitesail Freebooter leaves the battlefield."	B	B	Ixalan	110	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Lurking Chupacabra	3B	4	Creature ? Beast Horror	"Whenever a creature you control explores, target creature an opponent controls gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Ixalan	111	uncommon	YW Tang		
Raiders' Wake	3B	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent discards a card, that player loses 2 life.
Raid ? At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked with a creature this turn, target opponent discards a card."	B	B	Ixalan	116	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Revel in Riches	4B	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.""
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control ten or more Treasures, you win the game."	B	B	Ixalan	117	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Ruin Raider	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Pirate	"Raid ? At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked with a creature this turn, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to the card's converted mana cost."	B	B	Ixalan	118	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Ruthless Knave	2B	3	Creature ? Orc Pirate	"{2}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Create two colorless Treasure artifact tokens with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.""
Sacrifice three Treasures: Draw a card."	B	B	Ixalan	119	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Sanctum Seeker	2BB	4	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Whenever a Vampire you control attacks, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Ixalan	120	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Seekers' Squire	1B	2	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Seekers' Squire enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Ixalan	121	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Sword-Point Diplomacy	2B	3	Sorcery	"Reveal the top three cards of your library. For each of those cards, put that card into your hand unless any opponent pays 3 life. Then exile the rest."	B	B	Ixalan	126	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Vicious Conquistador	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Whenever Vicious Conquistador attacks, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Ixalan	128	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Vraska's Contempt	2BB	4	Instant	Exile target creature or planeswalker. You gain 2 life.	B	B	Ixalan	129	rare	Clint Cearley		
Walk the Plank	BB	2	Sorcery	Destroy target non-Merfolk creature.	B	B	Ixalan	130	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Wanted Scoundrels	1B	2	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Wanted Scoundrels dies, target opponent creates two colorless Treasure artifact tokens with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	B	B	Ixalan	131	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Angrath's Marauders	5RR	7	Creature ? Human Pirate	"If a source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Ixalan	132	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Bonded Horncrest	3R	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	Bonded Horncrest can't attack or block alone.	R	R	Ixalan	133	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Burning Sun's Avatar	3RRR	6	Creature ? Dinosaur Avatar	"When Burning Sun's Avatar enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target opponent or planeswalker and 3 damage to up to one target creature."	R	R	Ixalan	135	rare	Randy Vargas		
Captain Lannery Storm	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Pirate	"Haste
Whenever Captain Lannery Storm attacks, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.""
Whenever you sacrifice a Treasure, Captain Lannery Storm gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Ixalan	136	rare	Chris Rallis		
Captivating Crew	3R	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	{3}{R}: Gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.	R	R	Ixalan	137	rare	Winona Nelson		
Charging Monstrosaur	4R	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample, haste"	R	R	Ixalan	138	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Dinosaur Stampede	2R	3	Instant	Attacking creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn. Dinosaurs you control gain trample until end of turn.	R	R	Ixalan	140	uncommon	Bram Sels		
Fiery Cannonade	2R	3	Instant	Fiery Cannonade deals 2 damage to each non-Pirate creature.	R	R	Ixalan	143	uncommon	Ben Wootten		
Lightning-Rig Crew	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Pirate	"{T}: Lightning-Rig Crew deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever you cast a Pirate spell, untap Lightning-Rig Crew."	R	R	Ixalan	150	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Makeshift Munitions	1R	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Makeshift Munitions deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Ixalan	151	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Otepec Huntmaster	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Dinosaur spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
{T}: Target Dinosaur gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Ixalan	153	uncommon	Daarken		
Raptor Hatchling	1R	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Raptor Hatchling is dealt damage, create a 3/3 green Dinosaur creature token with trample."	R	R	Ixalan	155	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Repeating Barrage	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Repeating Barrage deals 3 damage to any target.
Raid ? {3}{R}{R}: Return Repeating Barrage from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if you attacked with a creature this turn."	R	R	Ixalan	156	rare	Dan Scott		
Rigging Runner	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Pirate	"First strike
Raid ? Rigging Runner enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you attacked with a creature this turn."	R	R	Ixalan	157	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Rowdy Crew	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Trample
When Rowdy Crew enters the battlefield, draw three cards, then discard two cards at random. If two cards that share a card type are discarded this way, put two +1/+1 counters on Rowdy Crew."	R	R	Ixalan	159	mythic	Steve Prescott		
Star of Extinction	5RR	7	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Star of Extinction deals 20 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.	R	R	Ixalan	161	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Storm Fleet Arsonist	4R	5	Creature ? Orc Pirate	"Raid ? When Storm Fleet Arsonist enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, target opponent sacrifices a permanent."	R	R	Ixalan	162	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Sunbird's Invocation	5R	6	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a spell from your hand, reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is that spell's converted mana cost. You may cast a card revealed this way with converted mana cost X or less without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	R	R	Ixalan	165	rare	Christine Choi		
Tilonalli's Skinshifter	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
Whenever Tilonalli's Skinshifter attacks, it becomes a copy of another target nonlegendary attacking creature until end of turn."	R	R	Ixalan	170	rare	Jason Rainville		
Trove of Temptation	3R	4	Enchantment	"Each opponent must attack you or a planeswalker you control with at least one creature each combat if able.
At the beginning of your end step, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	R	R	Ixalan	171	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Wily Goblin	RR	2	Creature ? Goblin Pirate	"When Wily Goblin enters the battlefield, create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	R	R	Ixalan	174	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Atzocan Archer	2G	3	Creature ? Human Archer	"Reach
When Atzocan Archer enters the battlefield, you may have it fight another target creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	G	G	Ixalan	176	uncommon	Naomi Baker		
Carnage Tyrant	4GG	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	"This spell can't be countered.
Trample, hexproof"	G	G	Ixalan	179	mythic	Yeong-Hao Han		
Deathgorge Scavenger	2G	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Whenever Deathgorge Scavenger enters the battlefield or attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard. If a creature card is exiled this way, you gain 2 life. If a noncreature card is exiled this way, Deathgorge Scavenger gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Ixalan	184	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Deeproot Champion	1G	2	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Deeproot Champion."	G	G	Ixalan	185	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Drover of the Mighty	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Drover of the Mighty gets +2/+2 as long as you control a Dinosaur.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Ixalan	187	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Emergent Growth	3G	4	Sorcery	Target creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn and must be blocked this turn if able.	G	G	Ixalan	188	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Emperor's Vanguard	3G	4	Creature ? Human Scout	"Whenever Emperor's Vanguard deals combat damage to a player, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Ixalan	189	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Kumena's Speaker	G	1	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	Kumena's Speaker gets +1/+1 as long as you control another Merfolk or an Island.	G	G	Ixalan	196	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Merfolk Branchwalker	1G	2	Creature ? Merfolk Scout	"When Merfolk Branchwalker enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it's a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)"	G	G	Ixalan	197	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Old-Growth Dryads	G	1	Creature ? Dryad	"When Old-Growth Dryads enters the battlefield, each opponent may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their library."	G	G	Ixalan	199	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Ranging Raptors	2G	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Ranging Raptors is dealt damage, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Ixalan	201	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Ripjaw Raptor	2GG	4	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Enrage ? Whenever Ripjaw Raptor is dealt damage, draw a card."	G	G	Ixalan	203	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Savage Stomp	2G	3	Sorcery	"This spell costs {2} less to cast if it targets a Dinosaur you control.
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then that creature fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	G	G	Ixalan	205	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Shapers' Sanctuary	G	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you may draw a card."	G	G	Ixalan	206	rare	Zezhou Chen		
Snapping Sailback	4G	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Flash
Enrage ? Whenever Snapping Sailback is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on it. (It must survive the damage to get the counter.)"	G	G	Ixalan	208	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Thundering Spineback	5GG	7	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Other Dinosaurs you control get +1/+1.
{5}{G}: Create a 3/3 green Dinosaur creature token with trample."	G	G	Ixalan	210	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Verdant Rebirth	1G	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gains ""When this creature dies, return it to its owner's hand.""
Draw a card."	G	G	Ixalan	212	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Verdant Sun's Avatar	5GG	7	Creature ? Dinosaur Avatar	"Whenever Verdant Sun's Avatar or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness."	G	G	Ixalan	213	rare	Izzy		
Vineshaper Mystic	2G	3	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"When Vineshaper Mystic enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target Merfolk you control."	G	G	Ixalan	214	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Waker of the Wilds	2GG	4	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	{X}{G}{G}: Put X +1/+1 counters on target land you control. That land becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.	G	G	Ixalan	215	rare	Shreya Shetty		
Wildgrowth Walker	1G	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever a creature you control explores, put a +1/+1 counter on Wildgrowth Walker and you gain 3 life."	G	G	Ixalan	216	uncommon	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Admiral Beckett Brass	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Pirate	"Other Pirates you control get +1/+1.
At the beginning of your end step, gain control of target nonland permanent controlled by a player who was dealt combat damage by three or more Pirates this turn."	U	U	Ixalan	217	mythic	Jason Rainville		
Belligerent Brontodon	5GW	7	Creature ? Dinosaur	Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.	W	W	Ixalan	218	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Call to the Feast	2WB	4	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 white Vampire creature tokens with lifelink.	W	W	Ixalan	219	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Deadeye Plunderers	3UB	5	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Deadeye Plunderers gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.
{2}{U}{B}: Create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	U	U	Ixalan	220	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Dire Fleet Captain	BR	2	Creature ? Orc Pirate	"Whenever Dire Fleet Captain attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each other attacking Pirate."	R	R	Ixalan	221	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
"Gishath, Sun's Avatar"	5RGW	8	Legendary Creature ? Dinosaur Avatar	"Vigilance, trample, haste
Whenever Gishath, Sun's Avatar deals combat damage to a player, reveal that many cards from the top of your library. Put any number of Dinosaur creature cards from among them onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	Ixalan	222	mythic	Zack Stella		
Hostage Taker	2UB	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"When Hostage Taker enters the battlefield, exile another target creature or artifact until Hostage Taker leaves the battlefield. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell."	U	U	Ixalan	223	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Huatli, Warrior Poet"	3RW	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Huatli	"+2: You gain life equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.
0: Create a 3/3 green Dinosaur creature token with trample.
?X: Huatli, Warrior Poet deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures. Creatures dealt damage this way can't block this turn."	W	W	Ixalan	224	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Marauding Looter	2UR	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Raid ? At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked with a creature this turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Ixalan	225	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Raging Swordtooth	3RG	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample
When Raging Swordtooth enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each other creature."	R	R	Ixalan	226	uncommon	Izzy		
Regisaur Alpha	3RG	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Other Dinosaurs you control have haste.
When Regisaur Alpha enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 green Dinosaur creature token with trample."	R	R	Ixalan	227	rare	Jonathan Kuo		
Shapers of Nature	1GU	3	Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"{3}{G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
{2}{U}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Draw a card."	U	U	Ixalan	228	uncommon	Chris Seaman		
Sky Terror	RW	2	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Flying, menace"	W	W	Ixalan	229	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
"Tishana, Voice of Thunder"	5GU	7	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"Tishana, Voice of Thunder's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.
You have no maximum hand size.
When Tishana enters the battlefield, draw a card for each creature you control."	U	U	Ixalan	230	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
"Vona, Butcher of Magan"	3WB	5	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Vigilance, lifelink
{T}, Pay 7 life: Destroy target nonland permanent. Activate this ability only during your turn."	W	W	Ixalan	231	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
"Vraska, Relic Seeker"	4BG	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vraska	"+2: Create a 2/2 black Pirate creature token with menace.
?3: Destroy target artifact, creature, or enchantment. Create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.""
?10: Target player's life total becomes 1."	G	G	Ixalan	232	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Dusk Legion Dreadnought	5	5	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Vigilance
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Ixalan	236	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Elaborate Firecannon	2	2	Artifact	"Elaborate Firecannon doesn't untap during your untap step.
{4}, {T}: Elaborate Firecannon deals 2 damage to any target.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may discard a card. If you do, untap Elaborate Firecannon."			Ixalan	237	uncommon	Adrian Majkrzak		
Fell Flagship	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Pirates you control get +1/+0.
Whenever Fell Flagship deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Ixalan	238	rare	Titus Lunter		
Pillar of Origins	2	2	Artifact	"As Pillar of Origins enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type."			Ixalan	241	uncommon	Dimitar Marinski		
Sentinel Totem	1	1	Artifact	"When Sentinel Totem enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}, Exile Sentinel Totem: Exile all cards from all graveyards."			Ixalan	245	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Shadowed Caravel	2	2	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Whenever a creature you control explores, put a +1/+1 counter on Shadowed Caravel.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"			Ixalan	246	rare	Jason Felix		
Sleek Schooner	3	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)			Ixalan	247	uncommon	Mark Winters		
Sorcerous Spyglass	2	2	Artifact	"As Sorcerous Spyglass enters the battlefield, look at an opponent's hand, then choose any card name.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can't be activated unless they're mana abilities."			Ixalan	248	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Vanquisher's Banner	5	5	Artifact	"As Vanquisher's Banner enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1.
Whenever you cast a creature spell of the chosen type, draw a card."			Ixalan	251	rare	Milivoj ?eran		
"Jace, Ingenious Mind-Mage"	4UU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+1: Draw a card.
+1: Untap all creatures you control.
?9: Gain control of up to three target creatures."	U	U	Ixalan	280	mythic	Clint Cearley		
Grasping Current	4U	5	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creatures to their owner's hand.
Search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Jace, Ingenious Mind-Mage, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle it."	U	U	Ixalan	282	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Jace's Sentinel	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"As long as you control a Jace planeswalker, Jace's Sentinel gets +1/+0 and can't be blocked."	U	U	Ixalan	283	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
"Huatli, Dinosaur Knight"	4RW	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Huatli	"+2: Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target Dinosaur you control.
?3: Target Dinosaur you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.
?7: Dinosaurs you control get +4/+4 until end of turn."	W	W	Ixalan	285	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
Huatli's Spurring	R	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. If you control a Huatli planeswalker, that creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn instead."	R	R	Ixalan	287	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Sun-Blessed Mount	3RW	5	Creature ? Dinosaur	"When Sun-Blessed Mount enters the battlefield, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Huatli, Dinosaur Knight, reveal it, then put it into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle it."	W	W	Ixalan	288	rare	Joe Slucher		
Make a Stand	2W	3	Instant	"Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them.)"	W	W	Oath of the Gatewatch	26	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Rise from the Grave	4B	5	Sorcery	Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. That creature is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types.	B	B	Eldritch Moon	102	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Ghirapur Guide	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Scout	{2}{G}: Target creature you control can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less this turn.	G	G	Kaladesh	156	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Enigma Drake	1UR	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Enigma Drake's power is equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard."	U	U	Amonkhet	198	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Light Up the Stage	2R	3	Sorcery	"Spectacle {R} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	107	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Mirror March	5R	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, flip a coin until you lose a flip. For each flip you won, create a token that's a copy of that creature. Those tokens gain haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	108	rare	Johannes Voss		
Rix Maadi Reveler	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Spectacle {2}{B}{R} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
When Rix Maadi Reveler enters the battlefield, discard a card, then draw a card. If Rix Maadi Reveler's spectacle cost was paid, instead discard your hand, then draw three cards."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	109	rare	Sara Winters		
Rumbling Ruin	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	"When Rumbling Ruin enters the battlefield, count the number of +1/+1 counters on creatures you control. Creatures your opponents control with power less than or equal to that number can't block this turn."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	112	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Skarrgan Hellkite	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Flying
{3}{R}: Skarrgan Hellkite deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets. Activate this ability only if Skarrgan Hellkite has a +1/+1 counter on it."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	114	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Smelt-Ward Ignus	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"{2}{R}, Sacrifice Smelt-Ward Ignus: Gain control of target creature with power 3 or less until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	116	uncommon	Jehan Choo		
Tin Street Dodger	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Haste
{R}: Tin Street Dodger can't be blocked this turn except by creatures with defender."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	120	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Biogenic Ooze	3GG	5	Creature ? Ooze	"When Biogenic Ooze enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 green Ooze creature token.
At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on each Ooze you control.
{1}{G}{G}{G}: Create a 2/2 green Ooze creature token."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	122	mythic	Lake Hurwitz		
Biogenic Upgrade	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Distribute three +1/+1 counters among one, two, or three target creatures, then double the number of +1/+1 counters on each of those creatures."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	123	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
End-Raze Forerunners	5GGG	8	Creature ? Boar	"Vigilance, trample, haste
When End-Raze Forerunners enters the battlefield, other creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain vigilance and trample until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	124	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Enraged Ceratok	2GG	4	Creature ? Rhino	Enraged Ceratok can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	125	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Gatebreaker Ram	2G	3	Creature ? Sheep	"Gatebreaker Ram gets +1/+1 for each Gate you control.
As long as you control two or more Gates, Gatebreaker Ram has vigilance and trample."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	126	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Growth-Chamber Guardian	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Crab Warrior	"{2}{G}: Adapt 2. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Growth-Chamber Guardian, you may search your library for a card named Growth-Chamber Guardian, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	128	rare	Bram Sels		
Gruul Beastmaster	3G	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Whenever Gruul Beastmaster attacks, another target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is Gruul Beastmaster's power."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	129	uncommon	Kimonas Theodossiou		
Guardian Project	3G	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, if it doesn't have the same name as another creature you control or a creature card in your graveyard, draw a card."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	130	rare	Chris Rallis		
Incubation Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce. If Incubation Druid has a +1/+1 counter on it, add three mana of that type instead.
{3}{G}{G}: Adapt 3. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put three +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	131	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Rampage of the Clans	3G	4	Instant	"Destroy all artifacts and enchantments. For each permanent destroyed this way, its controller creates a 3/3 green Centaur creature token."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	134	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Regenesis	3GG	5	Instant	Return up to two target permanent cards from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	136	uncommon	James Paick		
Silhana Wayfinder	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Silhana Wayfinder enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it on top of your library. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	141	uncommon	Suzanne Helmigh		
Trollbred Guardian	4G	5	Creature ? Troll Frog Warrior	"{2}{G}: Adapt 2. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	148	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Wilderness Reclamation	3G	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, untap all lands you control."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	149	uncommon	Tyler Walpole		
Azorius Skyguard	4WU	6	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying, first strike
Creatures your opponents control get -1/-0."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	155	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Basilica Bell-Haunt	WWBB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"When Basilica Bell-Haunt enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card and you gain 3 life."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	156	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Bedevil	BBR	3	Instant	"Destroy target artifact, creature, or planeswalker."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	157	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Biomancer's Familiar	GU	2	Creature ? Mutant	"Activated abilities of creatures you control cost {2} less to activate. This effect can't reduce the amount of mana an ability costs to activate to less than one mana.
{T}: The next time target creature adapts this turn, it adapts as though it had no +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	158	rare	Izzy		
Bolrac-Clan Crusher	3RG	5	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"{T}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Bolrac-Clan Crusher deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	159	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Captive Audience	5BR	7	Enchantment	"Captive Audience enters the battlefield under the control of an opponent of your choice.
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one that hasn't been chosen ?
? Your life total becomes 4.
? Discard your hand.
? Each opponent creates five 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	160	mythic	Dmitry Burmak		
Cindervines	RG	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, Cindervines deals 1 damage to that player.
{1}, Sacrifice Cindervines: Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Cindervines deals 2 damage to that permanent's controller."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	161	rare	Mark Behm		
Clan Guildmage	RG	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{1}{R}, {T}: Target creature can't block this turn.
{2}{G}, {T}: Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature with haste until end of turn. It's still a land."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	162	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Combine Guildmage	GU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{1}{G}, {T}: This turn, each creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
{1}{U}, {T}: Move a +1/+1 counter from target creature you control onto another target creature you control."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	163	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Cult Guildmage	BR	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{3}{B}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.
{R}, {T}: Cult Guildmage deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	164	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Deputy of Detention	1WU	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"When Deputy of Detention enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls and all other nonland permanents that player controls with the same name as that permanent until Deputy of Detention leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	165	rare	G-host Lee		
"Domri, Chaos Bringer"	2RG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Domri	"+1: Add {R} or {G}. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it gains riot. (It enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
?3: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal up to two creature cards from among them and put them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
?8: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of each end step, create a 4/4 red and green Beast creature token with trample."""	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	166	mythic	Zack Stella		
"Dovin, Grand Arbiter"	1WU	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Dovin	"+1: Until end of turn, whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a loyalty counter on Dovin, Grand Arbiter.
?1: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying. You gain 1 life.
?7: Look at the top ten cards of your library. Put three of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	167	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Dovin's Acuity	1WU	3	Enchantment	"When Dovin's Acuity enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life and draw a card.
Whenever you cast an instant spell during your main phase, you may return Dovin's Acuity to its owner's hand."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	168	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Emergency Powers	5WU	7	Instant	"Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. Exile Emergency Powers.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, you may put a permanent card with converted mana cost 7 or less from your hand onto the battlefield."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	169	mythic	Chris Rallis		
Ethereal Absolution	4WB	6	Enchantment	"Creatures you control get +1/+1.
Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.
{2}{W}{B}: Exile target card from an opponent's graveyard. If it was a creature card, you create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	170	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Fireblade Artist	BR	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Haste
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, Fireblade Artist deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	172	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Frilled Mystic	GGUU	4	Creature ? Elf Lizard Wizard	"Flash
When Frilled Mystic enters the battlefield, you may counter target spell."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	174	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Galloping Lizrog	3GU	5	Creature ? Frog Lizard	"Trample
When Galloping Lizrog enters the battlefield, you may remove any number of +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control. If you do, put twice that many +1/+1 counters on Galloping Lizrog."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	175	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Gruul Spellbreaker	1RG	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Trample
As long as it's your turn, you and Gruul Spellbreaker have hexproof."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	179	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Gyre Engineer	1GU	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	{T}: Add {G}{U}.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	180	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Hackrobat	1BR	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Spectacle {B}{R} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
{B}: Hackrobat gains deathtouch until end of turn.
{R}: Hackrobat gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	181	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
High Alert	1WU	3	Enchantment	"Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
Creatures you control can attack as though they didn't have defender.
{2}{W}{U}: Untap target creature."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	182	uncommon	Daarken		
Hydroid Krasis	XGU	2	Creature ? Jellyfish Hydra Beast	"When you cast this spell, you gain half X life and draw half X cards. Round down each time.
Flying, trample
Hydroid Krasis enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	183	mythic	Jason Felix		
"Judith, the Scourge Diva"	1BR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"Other creatures you control get +1/+0.
Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, Judith, the Scourge Diva deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	185	rare	Wesley Burt		
"Kaya, Orzhov Usurper"	1WB	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kaya	"+1: Exile up to two target cards from a single graveyard. You gain 2 life if at least one creature card was exiled this way.
?1: Exile target nonland permanent with converted mana cost 1 or less.
?5: Kaya, Orzhov Usurper deals damage to target player equal to the number of cards that player owns in exile and you gain that much life."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	186	mythic	Yongjae Choi		
Kaya's Wrath	WWBB	4	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures. You gain life equal to the number of creatures you controlled that were destroyed this way.	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	187	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Knight of the Last Breath	5WB	7	Creature ? Giant Knight	"{3}, Sacrifice another nontoken creature: Create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.
Afterlife 3 (When this creature dies, create three 1/1 white and black Spirit creature tokens with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	188	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
"Lavinia, Azorius Renegade"	WU	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Each opponent can't cast noncreature spells with converted mana cost greater than the number of lands that player controls.
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if no mana was spent to cast it, counter that spell."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	189	rare	Steven Belledin		
Macabre Mockery	2BR	4	Instant	Put target creature card from an opponent's graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. It gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	191	uncommon	Deruchenko Alexander		
Nikya of the Old Ways	3RG	5	Legendary Creature ? Centaur Druid	"You can't cast noncreature spells.
Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	193	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Pitiless Pontiff	WB	2	Creature ? Vampire Cleric	"{1}, Sacrifice another creature: Pitiless Pontiff gains deathtouch and indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	194	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Rakdos Firewheeler	BBRR	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Rakdos Firewheeler enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target opponent and 2 damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	197	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
"Rakdos, the Showstopper"	4BR	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
When Rakdos, the Showstopper enters the battlefield, flip a coin for each creature that isn't a Demon, Devil, or Imp. Destroy each creature whose coin comes up tails."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	199	mythic	Viktor Titov		
Ravager Wurm	3RGG	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
When Ravager Wurm enters the battlefield, choose up to one ?
? Ravager Wurm fights target creature you don't control.
? Destroy target land with an activated ability that isn't a mana ability."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	200	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Rhythm of the Wild	1RG	3	Enchantment	"Creature spells you control can't be countered.
Nontoken creatures you control have riot. (They enter the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)"	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	201	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Senate Guildmage	WU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}, {T}: You gain 2 life.
{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	204	uncommon	G-host Lee		
Seraph of the Scales	2WB	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
{W}: Seraph of the Scales gains vigilance until end of turn.
{B}: Seraph of the Scales gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Afterlife 2 (When this creature dies, create two 1/1 white and black Spirit creature tokens with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	205	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Sharktocrab	2GU	4	Creature ? Fish Octopus Crab	"{2}{G}{U}: Adapt 1. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Sharktocrab, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	206	uncommon	Jehan Choo		
Simic Ascendancy	GU	2	Enchantment	"{1}{G}{U}: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on a creature you control, put that many growth counters on Simic Ascendancy.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Simic Ascendancy has twenty or more growth counters on it, you win the game."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	207	rare	Izzy		
Sphinx of New Prahv	WWUU	4	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying, vigilance
Spells your opponents cast that target Sphinx of New Prahv cost {2} more to cast."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	208	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Sunder Shaman	RRGG	4	Creature ? Giant Shaman	"Sunder Shaman can't be blocked by more than one creature.
Whenever Sunder Shaman deals combat damage to a player, destroy target artifact or enchantment that player controls."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	210	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Syndicate Guildmage	WB	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{W}, {T}: Tap target creature with power 4 or greater.
{4}{B}, {T}: Syndicate Guildmage deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	211	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Teysa Karlov	2WB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"If a creature dying causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.
Creature tokens you control have vigilance and lifelink."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	212	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Theater of Horrors	1BR	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library.
During your turn, if an opponent lost life this turn, you may play cards exiled with Theater of Horrors.
{3}{R}: Theater of Horrors deals 1 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	213	rare	Daarken		
"Zegana, Utopian Speaker"	2GU	4	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Zegana, Utopian Speaker enters the battlefield, if you control another creature with a +1/+1 counter on it, draw a card.
{4}{G}{U}: Adapt 4. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put four +1/+1 counters on it.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	214	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Zhur-Taa Goblin	RG	2	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	215	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Gate Colossus	8	8	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each Gate you control.
Gate Colossus can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
Whenever a Gate enters the battlefield under your control, you may put Gate Colossus from your graveyard on top of your library."			Ravnica Allegiance	232	uncommon	Izzy		
Glass of the Guildpact	2	2	Artifact	Multicolored creatures you control get +1/+1.			Ravnica Allegiance	233	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Screaming Shield	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+3 and has ""{2}, {T}: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.""
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Ravnica Allegiance	239	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Sphinx of the Guildpact	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Sphinx of the Guildpact is all colors.
Flying
Hexproof from monocolored (This creature can't be the target of monocolored spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	241	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
Tome of the Guildpact	5	5	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, draw a card.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Ravnica Allegiance	242	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Dovin's Dismissal	2WU	4	Instant	"Put up to one target tapped creature on top of its owner's library. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Dovin, Architect of Law, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	267	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Dovin's Automaton	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Homunculus	"As long as you control a Dovin planeswalker, Dovin's Automaton gets +2/+2 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)"			Ravnica Allegiance	268	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Charging War Boar	1RG	3	Creature ? Boar	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
As long as you control a Domri planeswalker, Charging War Boar gets +1/+1 and has trample. (It can deal excess damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	271	uncommon	Izzy		
Domri's Nodorog	3RG	5	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
When Domri's Nodorog enters the battlefield, you may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Domri, City Smasher, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	272	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Dovin, Architect of Law"	4WU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Dovin	"+1: You gain 2 life and draw a card.
?1: Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
?9: Tap all permanents target opponent controls. That player skips their next untap step."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	265	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
"Domri, City Smasher"	4RG	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Domri	"+2: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.
?3: Domri, City Smasher deals 3 damage to any target.
?8: Put three +1/+1 counters on each creature you control. Those creatures gain trample until end of turn."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	269	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
The Haunt of Hightower	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying, lifelink
Whenever The Haunt of Hightower attacks, defending player discards a card.
Whenever a card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, put a +1/+1 counter on The Haunt of Hightower."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	273	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
Arrester's Zeal	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, that creature gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	4	common	Izzy		
Bring to Trial	2W	3	Sorcery	Exile target creature with power 4 or greater.	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	5	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Civic Stalwart	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant Soldier	"When Civic Stalwart enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	6	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Expose to Daylight	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Scry 1.	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	8	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Haazda Officer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Haazda Officer enters the battlefield, target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	10	common	Aaron Miller		
Impassioned Orator	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	12	common	Mark Zug		
Justiciar's Portal	1W	2	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. It gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	13	common	Micah Epstein		
Knight of Sorrows	4W	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Knight of Sorrows can block an additional creature each combat.
Afterlife 1 (When this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	14	common	Zezhou Chen		
Prowling Caracal	1W	2	Creature ? Cat		W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	17	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Summary Judgment	1W	2	Instant	"Summary Judgment deals 3 damage to target tapped creature.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, it deals 5 damage to that creature instead."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	24	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Syndicate Messenger	3W	4	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Afterlife 1 (When this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	25	common	Viktor Titov		
Tenth District Veteran	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance
Whenever Tenth District Veteran attacks, untap another target creature you control."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	26	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Twilight Panther	W	1	Creature ? Cat Spirit	{B}: Twilight Panther gains deathtouch until end of turn.	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	28	common	Uriah Voth		
Watchful Giant	5W	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"When Watchful Giant enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Human creature token."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	30	common	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Arrester's Admonition	2U	3	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	31	common	Lucas Graciano		
Chillbringer	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Chillbringer enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	33	common	Eytan Zana		
Clear the Mind	2U	3	Sorcery	"Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library.
Draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	34	common	David Palumbo		
Coral Commando	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior		U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	36	common	Alex Konstad		
Faerie Duelist	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flash
Flying
When Faerie Duelist enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	39	common	Yongjae Choi		
Humongulus	4U	5	Creature ? Homunculus	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	41	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Persistent Petitioners	1U	2	Creature ? Human Advisor	"{1}, {T}: Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.
Tap four untapped Advisors you control: Target player puts the top twelve cards of their library into their graveyard.
A deck can have any number of cards named Persistent Petitioners."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	44	common	Jason Rainville		
Prying Eyes	4UU	6	Instant	"Draw four cards, then discard two cards."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	46	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Quench	1U	2	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {2}.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	48	common	Jason Rainville		
Sage's Row Savant	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"When Sage's Row Savant enters the battlefield, scry 2."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	49	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Senate Courier	2U	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
{1}{W}: Senate Courier gains vigilance until end of turn."	U	W	Ravnica Allegiance	50	common	Johann Bodin		
Shimmer of Possibility	1U	2	Sorcery	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	51	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Skitter Eel	3U	4	Creature ? Fish Crab	"{2}{U}: Adapt 2. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put two +1/+1 counters on it.)"	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	53	common	Mathias Kollros		
Slimebind	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -4/-0."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	54	common	Mark Behm		
Thought Collapse	1UU	3	Instant	Counter target spell. Its controller puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	57	common	Sara Winters		
Blade Juggler	4B	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Spectacle {2}{B} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
When Blade Juggler enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to you and you draw a card."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	63	common	Dmitry Burmak		
Bladebrand	1B	2	Instant	"Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Draw a card."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	64	common	Winona Nelson		
Carrion Imp	3B	4	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
When Carrion Imp enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature card from a graveyard. If you do, you gain 2 life."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	66	common	Kev Walker		
Catacomb Crocodile	4B	5	Creature ? Crocodile		B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	67	common	Nils Hamm		
Consign to the Pit	5B	6	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Consign to the Pit deals 2 damage to that creature's controller.	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	69	common	Colin Boyer		
Dead Revels	3B	4	Sorcery	"Spectacle {1}{B} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	71	common	David Palumbo		
Debtors' Transport	5B	6	Creature ? Thrull	"Afterlife 2 (When this creature dies, create two 1/1 white and black Spirit creature tokens with flying.)"	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	72	common	Jakub Kasper		
Grotesque Demise	2B	3	Instant	Exile target creature with power 3 or less.	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	75	common	Ben Wootten		
Ill-Gotten Inheritance	3B	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Ill-Gotten Inheritance deals 1 damage to each opponent and you gain 1 life.
{5}{B}, Sacrifice Ill-Gotten Inheritance: It deals 4 damage to target opponent and you gain 4 life."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	77	common	Winona Nelson		
Noxious Groodion	2B	3	Creature ? Beast	Deathtouch	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	78	common	Simon Dominic		
Plague Wight	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Plague Wight becomes blocked, each creature blocking it gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	82	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Rakdos Trumpeter	1B	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
{3}{R}: Rakdos Trumpeter gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	R	Ravnica Allegiance	84	common	Eric Deschamps		
Thirsting Shade	B	1	Creature ? Shade	"Lifelink
{2}{B}: Thirsting Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	87	common	Seb McKinnon		
Undercity Scavenger	3B	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"When Undercity Scavenger enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Undercity Scavenger, then scry 2."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	88	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Undercity's Embrace	2B	3	Instant	"Target opponent sacrifices a creature. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you gain 4 life."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	89	common	Tyler Walpole		
Burn Bright	2R	3	Instant	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	93	common	Scott Murphy		
Burning-Tree Vandal	2R	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Whenever Burning-Tree Vandal attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	94	common	Aaron Miller		
Deface	R	1	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target artifact.
? Destroy target creature with defender."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	98	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Feral Maaka	1R	2	Creature ? Cat		R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	100	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Ghor-Clan Wrecker	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	103	common	David Palumbo		
Goblin Gathering	2R	3	Sorcery	Create a number of 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens equal to two plus the number of cards named Goblin Gathering in your graveyard.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	104	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Gravel-Hide Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	{3}{G}: Gravel-Hide Goblin gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	105	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Rubble Reading	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Scry 2.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	110	common	Aaron Miller		
Rubblebelt Recluse	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Berserker	Rubblebelt Recluse attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	111	common	Zoltan Boros		
Scorchmark	1R	2	Instant	"Scorchmark deals 2 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	113	common	Jason Felix		
Skewer the Critics	2R	3	Sorcery	"Spectacle {R} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
Skewer the Critics deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	115	common	Heonhwa Choe		
Spear Spewer	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Defender
{T}: Spear Spewer deals 1 damage to each player."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	117	common	Carl Critchlow		
Spikewheel Acrobat	3R	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	Spectacle {2}{R} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	118	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Storm Strike	R	1	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. Scry 1.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	119	common	Dmitry Burmak		
Axebane Beast	3G	4	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	121	common	Sam Rowan		
Open the Gates	G	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a basic land card or Gate card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	133	common	John Thacker		
Rampaging Rendhorn	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	135	common	Ben Wootten		
Root Snare	1G	2	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	137	common	Craig J Spearing		
Sagittars' Volley	2G	3	Instant	Destroy target creature with flying. Sagittars' Volley deals 1 damage to each creature with flying your opponents control.	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	138	common	Dan Scott		
Saruli Caretaker	G	1	Creature ? Dryad	"Defender
{T}, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	139	common	Howard Lyon		
Sauroform Hybrid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Lizard Warrior	"{4}{G}{G}: Adapt 4. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put four +1/+1 counters on it.)"	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	140	common	Nils Hamm		
Steeple Creeper	2G	3	Creature ? Frog Snake	{3}{U}: Steeple Creeper gains flying until end of turn.	G	U	Ravnica Allegiance	142	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Stony Strength	G	1	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Untap that creature.	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	143	common	Chris Seaman		
Sylvan Brushstrider	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	"When Sylvan Brushstrider enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	144	common	Dan Scott		
Territorial Boar	1G	2	Creature ? Boar	"Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, Territorial Boar gets +1/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn."	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	145	common	Dan Scott		
Titanic Brawl	1G	2	Instant	"This spell costs {1} less to cast if it targets a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	146	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Wrecking Beast	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Trample"	G	G	Ravnica Allegiance	150	common	Izzy		
Aeromunculus	1GU	3	Creature ? Homunculus Mutant	"Flying
{2}{G}{U}: Adapt 1. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	152	common	Simon Dominic		
Applied Biomancy	GU	2	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
? Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	153	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Azorius Knight-Arbiter	3WU	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance
Azorius Knight-Arbiter can't be blocked."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	154	common	Even Amundsen		
Final Payment	WB	2	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 5 life or sacrifice a creature or enchantment.
Destroy target creature."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	171	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Frenzied Arynx	2RG	4	Creature ? Cat Beast	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Trample
{4}{R}{G}: Frenzied Arynx gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	173	common	Filip Burburan		
Get the Point	3BR	5	Instant	Destroy target creature. Scry 1.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	176	common	Steve Argyle		
Grasping Thrull	3WB	5	Creature ? Thrull	"Flying
When Grasping Thrull enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to each opponent and you gain 2 life."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	177	common	Seb McKinnon		
Growth Spiral	GU	2	Instant	Draw a card. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	178	common	Seb McKinnon		
Imperious Oligarch	WB	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Vigilance
Afterlife 1 (When this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	184	common	Johannes Voss		
Lawmage's Binding	1WU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	190	common	Mark Behm		
Rafter Demon	2BR	4	Creature ? Demon	"Spectacle {3}{B}{R} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
When Rafter Demon enters the battlefield, if its spectacle cost was paid, each opponent discards a card."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	196	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Rakdos Roustabout	1BR	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever Rakdos Roustabout becomes blocked, it deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	198	common	Lucas Graciano		
Rubblebelt Runner	1RG	3	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	Rubblebelt Runner can't be blocked by creature tokens.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	202	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Savage Smash	1RG	3	Sorcery	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. It fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	203	common	Zoltan Boros		
Sphinx's Insight	2WU	4	Instant	"Draw two cards.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	209	common	Scott Murphy		
Footlight Fiend	B/R	1	Creature ? Devil	"When Footlight Fiend dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	216	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Rubble Slinger	2R/G	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	Reach	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	217	common	Livia Prima		
Scuttlegator	4G/UG/U	6	Creature ? Crab Turtle Crocodile	"Defender
{6}{G/U}{G/U}: Adapt 3. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put three +1/+1 counters on it.)
As long as Scuttlegator has a +1/+1 counter on it, it can attack as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	218	common	Jehan Choo		
Senate Griffin	2W/UW/U	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
When Senate Griffin enters the battlefield, scry 1."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	219	common	Lucas Graciano		
Vizkopa Vampire	2W/B	3	Creature ? Vampire	Lifelink	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	220	common	Winona Nelson		
Azorius Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {U}.
{W/U}{W/U}{W/U}{W/U}, {T}, Sacrifice Azorius Locket: Draw two cards."		W	Ravnica Allegiance	231	common	Craig J Spearing		
Gruul Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {G}.
{R/G}{R/G}{R/G}{R/G}, {T}, Sacrifice Gruul Locket: Draw two cards."		R	Ravnica Allegiance	234	common	Kev Walker		
Orzhov Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {W} or {B}.
{W/B}{W/B}{W/B}{W/B}, {T}, Sacrifice Orzhov Locket: Draw two cards."		W	Ravnica Allegiance	236	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Rakdos Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {R}.
{B/R}{B/R}{B/R}{B/R}, {T}, Sacrifice Rakdos Locket: Draw two cards."		R	Ravnica Allegiance	237	common	Sung Choi		
Simic Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {U}.
{G/U}{G/U}{G/U}{G/U}, {T}, Sacrifice Simic Locket: Draw two cards."		U	Ravnica Allegiance	240	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Elite Arrester	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}{U}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	266	common	Randy Vargas		
Ragefire	1R	2	Sorcery	Ragefire deals 3 damage to target creature.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	270	common	Randy Vargas		
Blade Instructor	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	1	common	Zoltan Boros		
Bounty Agent	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance
{T}, Sacrifice Bounty Agent: Destroy target legendary permanent that's an artifact, creature, or enchantment."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	2	rare	Randy Vargas		
Candlelight Vigil	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+2 and has vigilance."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	3	common	Alexander Forssberg		
Citywide Bust	1WW	3	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with toughness 4 or greater.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	4	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Collar the Culprit	3W	4	Instant	Destroy target creature with toughness 4 or greater.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	5	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Crush Contraband	3W	4	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Exile target artifact.
? Exile target enchantment."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	7	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Demotion	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't block, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	9	uncommon	Joe Slucher		
Flight of Equenauts	7W	8	Creature ? Human Knight	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Flying"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	11	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Gird for Battle	W	1	Sorcery	Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	12	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Haazda Marshal	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Haazda Marshal and at least two other creatures attack, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	13	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Healer's Hawk	W	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, lifelink"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	14	common	Milivoj ?eran		
Hunted Witness	W	1	Creature ? Human	"When Hunted Witness dies, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	15	common	David Palumbo		
Inspiring Unicorn	2WW	4	Creature ? Unicorn	"Whenever Inspiring Unicorn attacks, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	16	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Intrusive Packbeast	4W	5	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance
When Intrusive Packbeast enters the battlefield, tap up to two target creatures your opponents control."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	17	common	Jason Felix		
Ledev Guardian	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of the creature's color.)	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	18	common	Kimonas Theodossiou		
Light of the Legion	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
When Light of the Legion dies, put a +1/+1 counter on each white creature you control."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	19	rare	Alex Konstad		
Loxodon Restorer	4WW	6	Creature ? Elephant Cleric	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
When Loxodon Restorer enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	20	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Parhelion Patrol	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying, vigilance
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	22	common	Even Amundsen		
Roc Charger	2W	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Roc Charger attacks, target attacking creature without flying gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	24	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Skyline Scout	1W	2	Creature ? Human Scout	"Whenever Skyline Scout attacks, you may pay {1}{W}. If you do, it gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	25	common	Paul Scott Canavan		
Sunhome Stalwart	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	26	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Sworn Companions	2W	3	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens with lifelink.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	27	common	Jason Rainville		
Take Heart	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. You gain 1 life for each attacking creature you control.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	28	common	Lucas Graciano		
Tenth District Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Tenth District Guard enters the battlefield, target creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	29	common	Craig J Spearing		
Capture Sphere	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
When Capture Sphere enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	31	common	Mark Behm		
Citywatch Sphinx	5U	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Citywatch Sphinx dies, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on the top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	33	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Dazzling Lights	U	1	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-0 until end of turn.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on the top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	34	common	Robbie Trevino		
Devious Cover-Up	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard. You may shuffle up to four target cards from your graveyard into your library."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	35	common	Micah Epstein		
Dimir Informant	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Dimir Informant enters the battlefield, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on the top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	36	common	Lucas Graciano		
Enhanced Surveillance	1U	2	Enchantment	"You may look at an additional two cards each time you surveil.
Exile Enhanced Surveillance: Shuffle your graveyard into your library."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	40	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Leapfrog	2U	3	Creature ? Frog	Leapfrog has flying as long as you've cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	42	common	Aaron Miller		
Maximize Altitude	U	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	43	common	Mike Bierek		
Muse Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Muse Drake enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	46	common	Titus Lunter		
Nightveil Sprite	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying
Whenever Nightveil Sprite attacks, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	48	uncommon	Uriah Voth		
Omnispell Adept	4U	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}: You may cast an instant or sorcery card from your hand without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	49	rare	Jason Rainville		
Passwall Adept	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{2}{U}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	50	common	John Thacker		
Radical Idea	1U	2	Instant	"Draw a card.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	52	common	Izzy		
Selective Snare	XU	1	Sorcery	Return X target creatures of the creature type of your choice to their owner's hand.	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	53	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
Thoughtbound Phantasm	U	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Defender
Whenever you surveil, put a +1/+1 counter on Thoughtbound Phantasm.
As long as Thoughtbound Phantasm has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, it can attack as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	55	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Unexplained Disappearance	1U	2	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	56	common	Izzy		
Vedalken Mesmerist	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Whenever Vedalken Mesmerist attacks, target creature an opponent controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	57	common	Zezhou Chen		
Watcher in the Mist	3UU	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Watcher in the Mist enters the battlefield, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on the top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	59	common	Ryan Yee		
Wishcoin Crab	3U	4	Creature ? Crab		U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	60	common	James Paick		
Barrier of Bones	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton Wall	"Defender
When Barrier of Bones enters the battlefield, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	61	common	Vincent Proce		
Bartizan Bats	3B	4	Creature ? Bat	Flying	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	62	common	Nils Hamm		
Blood Operative	1BB	3	Creature ? Vampire Assassin	"Lifelink
When Blood Operative enters the battlefield, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
Whenever you surveil, if Blood Operative is in your graveyard, you may pay 3 life. If you do, return Blood Operative to your hand."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	63	rare	Livia Prima		
Burglar Rat	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"When Burglar Rat enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	64	common	Tyler Walpole		
Deadly Visit	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	68	common	Scott Murphy		
Douser of Lights	4B	5	Creature ? Horror		B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	70	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Gruesome Menagerie	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Choose a creature card with converted mana cost 1 in your graveyard, then do the same for creature cards with converted mana costs 2 and 3. Return those cards to the battlefield."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	71	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Hired Poisoner	B	1	Creature ? Human Assassin	Deathtouch	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	72	common	Joe Slucher		
Kraul Swarm	4B	5	Creature ? Insect Warrior	"Flying
{2}{B}, Discard a creature card: Return Kraul Swarm from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	73	uncommon	Jehan Choo		
Lotleth Giant	6B	7	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"Undergrowth ? When Lotleth Giant enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target opponent for each creature card in your graveyard."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	74	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
Mausoleum Secrets	1B	2	Instant	"Undergrowth ? Search your library for a black card with converted mana cost less than or equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	75	rare	Adam Paquette		
Mephitic Vapors	2B	3	Sorcery	"All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on the top of your library in any order.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	76	common	Darek Zabrocki		
Moodmark Painter	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Undergrowth ? When Moodmark Painter enters the battlefield, target creature gains menace and gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard. (It can't blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	78	common	Scott Murphy		
Necrotic Wound	B	1	Instant	"Undergrowth ? Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	79	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Never Happened	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from that player's graveyard or hand and exile it.	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	80	common	Aaron Miller		
Pilfering Imp	B	1	Creature ? Imp	"Flying
{1}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Pilfering Imp: Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	81	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Price of Fame	3B	4	Instant	"This spell costs {2} less to cast if it targets a legendary creature.
Destroy target creature.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	83	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Severed Strands	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness. Destroy target creature an opponent controls."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	85	common	Zack Stella		
Spinal Centipede	2B	3	Creature ? Insect	"When Spinal Centipede dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	86	common	Zezhou Chen		
Undercity Necrolisk	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Lizard	"{1}, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Undercity Necrolisk. It gains menace until end of turn. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	87	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Veiled Shade	2B	3	Creature ? Shade	{1}{B}: Veiled Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	88	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Vicious Rumors	B	1	Sorcery	"Vicious Rumors deals 1 damage to each opponent. Each opponent discards a card, then puts the top card of their library into their graveyard. You gain 1 life."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	89	common	David Palumbo		
Whispering Snitch	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Whenever you surveil for the first time each turn, Whispering Snitch deals 1 damage to each opponent and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	90	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Barging Sergeant	4R	5	Creature ? Minotaur Soldier	"Haste
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)"	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	92	common	Filip Burburan		
Book Devourer	5R	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Whenever Book Devourer deals combat damage to a player, you may discard all the cards in your hand. If you do, draw that many cards."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	93	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Command the Storm	4R	5	Instant	Command the Storm deals 5 damage to target creature.	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	94	common	Jason Rainville		
Cosmotronic Wave	3R	4	Sorcery	Cosmotronic Wave deals 1 damage to each creature your opponents control. Creatures your opponents control can't block this turn.	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	95	common	Titus Lunter		
Direct Current	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Direct Current deals 2 damage to any target.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	96	common	Dan Scott		
Electrostatic Field	1R	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Electrostatic Field deals 1 damage to each opponent."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	97	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Erratic Cyclops	3R	4	Creature ? Cyclops Shaman	"Trample
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Erratic Cyclops gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that spell's converted mana cost."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	98	rare	Milivoj ?eran		
Fearless Halberdier	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior		R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	100	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Fire Urchin	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Fire Urchin gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	101	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Goblin Banneret	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Soldier	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
{1}{R}: Goblin Banneret gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	102	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Goblin Cratermaker	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{1}, Sacrifice Goblin Cratermaker: Choose one ?
? Goblin Cratermaker deals 2 damage to target creature.
? Destroy target colorless nonland permanent."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	103	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Goblin Locksmith	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Whenever Goblin Locksmith attacks, creatures with defender can't block this turn."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	104	common	Mark Behm		
Gravitic Punch	3R	4	Sorcery	"Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target player.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	105	common	Randy Vargas		
Hellkite Whelp	4R	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Hellkite Whelp attacks, it deals 1 damage to target creature defending player controls."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	106	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Inescapable Blaze	4RR	6	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Inescapable Blaze deals 6 damage to any target."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	107	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Maximize Velocity	R	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains haste until end of turn.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	111	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Ornery Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever Ornery Goblin blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Ornery Goblin deals 1 damage to that creature."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	112	common	Johann Bodin		
Rubblebelt Boar	3R	4	Creature ? Boar	"When Rubblebelt Boar enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	114	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Smelt-Ward Minotaur	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, target creature an opponent controls can't block this turn."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	116	uncommon	Wisnu Tan		
Street Riot	4R	5	Enchantment	"As long as it's your turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 and have trample."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	117	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Torch Courier	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Haste
Sacrifice Torch Courier: Another target creature gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	119	common	Mark Zug		
Wojek Bodyguard	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Wojek Bodyguard can't attack or block alone."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	120	common	Tyler Walpole		
Affectionate Indrik	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	"When Affectionate Indrik enters the battlefield, you may have it fight target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)"	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	121	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Arboretum Elemental	7GG	9	Creature ? Elemental	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of the creature's color.)
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	122	uncommon	James Paick		
Bounty of Might	4GG	6	Instant	"Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	124	rare	Even Amundsen		
Devkarin Dissident	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	{4}{G}: Devkarin Dissident gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	127	common	Mark Zug		
District Guide	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When District Guide enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card or Gate card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	128	uncommon	Tianhua X		
Generous Stray	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"When Generous Stray enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	129	common	Milivoj ?eran		
Golgari Raiders	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Haste
Undergrowth ? Golgari Raiders enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card in your graveyard."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	130	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Grappling Sundew	1G	2	Creature ? Plant	"Defender, reach
{4}{G}: Grappling Sundew gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy this creature.)"	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	131	uncommon	Sung Choi		
Hatchery Spider	5GG	7	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Undergrowth ? When you cast this spell, reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard. You may put a green permanent card with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	132	rare	Livia Prima		
Kraul Foragers	4G	5	Creature ? Insect Scout	"Undergrowth ? When Kraul Foragers enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature card in your graveyard."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	135	common	Aaron Miller		
Pack's Favor	2G	3	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	139	common	Lius Lasahido		
Pause for Reflection	2G	3	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	140	common	Alayna Danner		
Portcullis Vine	G	1	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature with defender: Draw a card."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	142	common	James Paick		
Sprouting Renewal	2G	3	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Choose one ?
? Create a 2/2 green and white Elf Knight creature token with vigilance.
? Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	145	uncommon	James Paick		
Urban Utopia	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When Urban Utopia enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	146	common	Jedd Chevrier		
Vigorspore Wurm	5G	6	Creature ? Wurm	"Undergrowth ? When Vigorspore Wurm enters the battlefield, target creature gains vigilance and gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard.
Vigorspore Wurm can't be blocked by more than one creature."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	147	common	Jason Felix		
Vivid Revival	4G	5	Sorcery	Return up to three target multicolored cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Vivid Revival.	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	148	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Wary Okapi	2G	3	Creature ? Antelope	Vigilance	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	149	common	Jason Felix		
Wild Ceratok	3G	4	Creature ? Rhino		G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	150	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Artful Takedown	2UB	4	Instant	"Choose one or both ?
? Tap target creature.
? Target creature gets -2/-4 until end of turn."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	151	common	Mike Bierek		
Beamsplitter Mage	UR	2	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets only Beamsplitter Mage, if you control one or more other creatures that spell could target, choose one of those creatures. Copy that spell. The copy targets the chosen creature."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	155	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Boros Challenger	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
{2}{R}{W}: Boros Challenger gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	156	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Camaraderie	4GW	6	Sorcery	"You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the number of creatures you control. Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	157	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Centaur Peacemaker	1GW	3	Creature ? Centaur Cleric	"When Centaur Peacemaker enters the battlefield, each player gains 4 life."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	158	common	Raoul Vitale		
Charnel Troll	1BG	3	Creature ? Troll	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Charnel Troll. Otherwise, sacrifice it.
{B}{G}, Discard a creature card: Put a +1/+1 counter on Charnel Troll."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	160	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Conclave Cavalier	GGWW	4	Creature ? Centaur Knight	"Vigilance
When Conclave Cavalier dies, create two 2/2 green and white Elf Knight creature tokens with vigilance."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	161	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Conclave Guildmage	GW	2	Creature ? Elf Cleric	"{G}, {T}: Creatures you control gain trample until end of turn.
{5}{W}, {T}: Create a 2/2 green and white Elf Knight creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	162	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Darkblade Agent	1UB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"As long as you've surveilled this turn, Darkblade Agent has deathtouch and ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you draw a card."""	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	164	common	Joe Slucher		
Dimir Spybug	UB	2	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Whenever you surveil, put a +1/+1 counter on Dimir Spybug."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	166	uncommon	James Paick		
Disinformation Campaign	1UB	3	Enchantment	"When Disinformation Campaign enters the battlefield, you draw a card and each opponent discards a card.
Whenever you surveil, return Disinformation Campaign to its owner's hand."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	167	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Erstwhile Trooper	1BG	3	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	Discard a creature card: Erstwhile Trooper gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	169	common	Jason A. Engle		
"Etrata, the Silencer"	2UB	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Assassin	"Etrata, the Silencer can't be blocked.
Whenever Etrata deals combat damage to a player, exile target creature that player controls and put a hit counter on that card. That player loses the game if they own three or more exiled cards with hit counters on them. Etrata's owner shuffles Etrata into their library."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	170	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Garrison Sergeant	3RW	5	Creature ? Viashino Soldier	Garrison Sergeant has double strike as long as you control a Gate.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	172	common	Gabor Szikszai		
Glowspore Shaman	BG	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Glowspore Shaman enters the battlefield, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard. You may put a land card from your graveyard on top of your library."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	173	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Golgari Findbroker	BBGG	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Golgari Findbroker enters the battlefield, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	175	uncommon	Bram Sels		
Hammer Dropper	2RW	4	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	176	common	Lake Hurwitz		
House Guildmage	UB	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{U}, {T}: Target creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.
{2}{B}, {T}: Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	177	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Hypothesizzle	3UR	5	Instant	"Draw two cards. Then you may discard a nonland card. When you do, Hypothesizzle deals 4 damage to target creature."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	178	common	Chris Seaman		
"Izoni, Thousand-Eyed"	2BBGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Undergrowth ? When Izoni, Thousand-Eyed enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black and green Insect creature token for each creature card in your graveyard.
{B}{G}, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	180	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Join Shields	3GW	5	Instant	"Untap all creatures you control. They gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control. Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them.)"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	181	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Justice Strike	RW	2	Instant	Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	182	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
League Guildmage	UR	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{3}{U}, {T}: Draw a card.
{X}{R}, {T}: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control with converted mana cost X. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	185	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Ledev Champion	1GW	3	Creature ? Elf Knight	"Whenever Ledev Champion attacks, you may tap any number of untapped creatures you control. Ledev Champion gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature tapped this way.
{3}{G}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	186	uncommon	Daarken		
Legion Guildmage	RW	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{5}{R}, {T}: Legion Guildmage deals 3 damage to each opponent.
{2}{W}, {T}: Tap another target creature."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	187	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Molderhulk	7BG	9	Creature ? Fungus Zombie	"Undergrowth ? This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
When Molderhulk enters the battlefield, return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	190	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Nightveil Predator	UUBB	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying, deathtouch
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	191	uncommon	Darek Zabrocki		
Notion Rain	1UB	3	Sorcery	"Surveil 2, then draw two cards. Notion Rain deals 2 damage to you. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	193	common	Lius Lasahido		
Ochran Assassin	1BG	3	Creature ? Elf Assassin	"Deathtouch
All creatures able to block Ochran Assassin do so."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	194	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Rhizome Lurcher	2BG	4	Creature ? Fungus Zombie	Undergrowth ? Rhizome Lurcher enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	196	common	Mathias Kollros		
Rosemane Centaur	3GW	5	Creature ? Centaur Soldier	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Vigilance"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	197	common	Nils Hamm		
Sonic Assault	1UR	3	Instant	"Tap target creature. Sonic Assault deals 2 damage to that creature's controller.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	199	common	Tyler Walpole		
Sumala Woodshaper	2GW	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Sumala Woodshaper enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or enchantment card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	200	common	Sara Winters		
Swarm Guildmage	BG	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{4}{B}, {T}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain menace until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
{1}{G}, {T}: You gain 2 life."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	201	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Swathcutter Giant	4RW	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Vigilance
Whenever Swathcutter Giant attacks, it deals 1 damage to each creature defending player controls."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	202	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Truefire Captain	RRWW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Whenever Truefire Captain is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to target player."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	209	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Undercity Uprising	2BG	4	Sorcery	Creatures you control gain deathtouch until end of turn. Then target creature you control fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	210	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Worldsoul Colossus	XGW	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Worldsoul Colossus enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	215	uncommon	James Paick		
Fresh-Faced Recruit	1R/W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"As long as it's your turn, Fresh-Faced Recruit has first strike."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	216	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Piston-Fist Cyclops	1U/RU/R	3	Creature ? Cyclops	"Defender
As long as you've cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, Piston-Fist Cyclops can attack as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	217	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Pitiless Gorgon	1B/GB/G	3	Creature ? Gorgon	Deathtouch	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	218	common	Alex Konstad		
Vernadi Shieldmate	1G/W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	219	common	Matt Stewart		
Whisper Agent	1U/BU/B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Flash
When Whisper Agent enters the battlefield, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	220	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Boros Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {R} or {W}.
{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}{R/W}, {T}, Sacrifice Boros Locket: Draw two cards."		W	Guilds of Ravnica	231	common	Aaron Miller		
Dimir Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {B}.
{U/B}{U/B}{U/B}{U/B}, {T}, Sacrifice Dimir Locket: Draw two cards."		U	Guilds of Ravnica	234	common	Zezhou Chen		
Gatekeeper Gargoyle	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
Gatekeeper Gargoyle enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each Gate you control."			Guilds of Ravnica	235	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Glaive of the Guildpact	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+0 for each Gate you control and has vigilance and menace. (A creature with menace can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Guilds of Ravnica	236	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Golgari Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {B} or {G}.
{B/G}{B/G}{B/G}{B/G}, {T}, Sacrifice Golgari Locket: Draw two cards."		G	Guilds of Ravnica	237	common	Milivoj ?eran		
Izzet Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {U} or {R}.
{U/R}{U/R}{U/R}{U/R}, {T}, Sacrifice Izzet Locket: Draw two cards."		U	Guilds of Ravnica	238	common	Dmitry Burmak		
Rampaging Monument	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Cleric	"Trample
Rampaging Monument enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Rampaging Monument."			Guilds of Ravnica	239	uncommon	Tyler Walpole		
Selesnya Locket	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {G} or {W}.
{G/W}{G/W}{G/W}{G/W}, {T}, Sacrifice Selesnya Locket: Draw two cards."		W	Guilds of Ravnica	240	common	Winona Nelson		
Silent Dart	1	1	Artifact	"{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Silent Dart: It deals 3 damage to target creature."			Guilds of Ravnica	241	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Wand of Vertebrae	1	1	Artifact	"{T}: Put the top card of your library into your graveyard.
{2}, {T}, Exile Wand of Vertebrae: Shuffle up to five target cards from your graveyard into your library."			Guilds of Ravnica	242	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Conclave Tribunal	3W	4	Enchantment	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
When Conclave Tribunal enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Conclave Tribunal leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	6	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Dawn of Hope	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you gain life, you may pay {2}. If you do, draw a card.
{3}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	8	rare	Sung Choi		
Divine Visitation	3WW	5	Enchantment	"If one or more creature tokens would be created under your control, that many 4/4 white Angel creature tokens with flying and vigilance are created instead."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	10	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Venerated Loxodon	4W	5	Creature ? Elephant Cleric	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of the creature's color.)
When Venerated Loxodon enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature that convoked it."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	30	rare	Zack Stella		
Chemister's Insight	3U	4	Instant	"Draw two cards.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	32	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Dream Eater	4UU	6	Creature ? Nightmare Sphinx	"Flash
Flying
When Dream Eater enters the battlefield, surveil 4. When you do, you may return target nonland permanent an opponent controls to its owner's hand. (To surveil 4, look at the top four cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	38	mythic	Daarken		
Drowned Secrets	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a blue spell, target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	39	rare	Alexander Forssberg		
Mission Briefing	UU	2	Instant	"Surveil 2, then choose an instant or sorcery card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	44	rare	Matt Stewart		
Murmuring Mystic	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 1/1 blue Bird Illusion creature token with flying."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	45	uncommon	Mark Winters		
Quasiduplicate	1UU	3	Sorcery	"Create a token that's a copy of target creature you control.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	51	rare	Dmitry Burmak		
Sinister Sabotage	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	54	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Creeping Chill	3B	4	Sorcery	"Creeping Chill deals 3 damage to each opponent and you gain 3 life.
When Creeping Chill is put into your graveyard from your library, you may exile it. If you do, Creeping Chill deals 3 damage to each opponent and you gain 3 life."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	66	uncommon	Wisnu Tan		
Doom Whisperer	3BB	5	Creature ? Nightmare Demon	"Flying, trample
Pay 2 life: Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on the top of your library in any order.)"	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	69	mythic	Vincent Proce		
Midnight Reaper	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, Midnight Reaper deals 1 damage to you and you draw a card."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	77	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Plaguecrafter	2B	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Plaguecrafter enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker. Each player who can't discards a card."	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	82	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Ritual of Soot	2BB	4	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with converted mana cost 3 or less.	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	84	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Arclight Phoenix	3R	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying, haste
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you've cast three or more instant and sorcery spells this turn, return Arclight Phoenix from your graveyard to the battlefield."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	91	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Experimental Frenzy	3R	4	Enchantment	"You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may play the top card of your library.
You can't play cards from your hand.
{3}{R}: Destroy Experimental Frenzy."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	99	rare	Simon Dominic		
Lava Coil	1R	2	Sorcery	"Lava Coil deals 4 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	108	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Legion Warboss	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Soldier	"Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token. That token gains haste until end of turn and attacks this combat if able."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	109	rare	Alex Konstad		
Risk Factor	2R	3	Instant	"Target opponent may have Risk Factor deal 4 damage to them. If that player doesn't, you draw three cards.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	113	rare	Chris Seaman		
Runaway Steam-Kin	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever you cast a red spell, if Runaway Steam-Kin has fewer than three +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on Runaway Steam-Kin.
Remove three +1/+1 counters from Runaway Steam-Kin: Add {R}{R}{R}."	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	115	rare	Jason Felix		
Beast Whisperer	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, draw a card."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	123	rare	Matt Stewart		
Circuitous Route	3G	4	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two basic land cards and/or Gate cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	125	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
Kraul Harpooner	1G	2	Creature ? Insect Warrior	"Reach
Undergrowth ? When Kraul Harpooner enters the battlefield, choose up to one target creature with flying you don't control. Kraul Harpooner gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard, then you may have Kraul Harpooner fight that creature."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	136	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Nullhide Ferox	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"Hexproof
You can't cast noncreature spells.
{2}: Nullhide Ferox loses all abilities until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.
If a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Nullhide Ferox, put it onto the battlefield instead of putting it into your graveyard."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	138	mythic	Filip Burburan		
Pelt Collector	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever another creature you control enters the battlefield or dies, if that creature's power is greater than Pelt Collector's, put a +1/+1 counter on Pelt Collector.
As long as Pelt Collector has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, it has trample."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	141	rare	Zoltan Boros		
"Aurelia, Exemplar of Justice"	2RW	4	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose up to one target creature you control. Until end of turn, that creature gets +2/+0, gains trample if it's red, and gains vigilance if it's white."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	153	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Beacon Bolt	1UR	3	Sorcery	"Beacon Bolt deals damage to target creature equal to the total number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.
Jump-start (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	154	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Chance for Glory	1RW	3	Instant	"Creatures you control gain indestructible. Take an extra turn after this one. At the beginning of that turn's end step, you lose the game."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	159	mythic	Bram Sels		
Crackling Drake	UURR	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Crackling Drake's power is equal to the total number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.
When Crackling Drake enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	163	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Deafening Clarion	1RW	3	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Deafening Clarion deals 3 damage to each creature.
? Creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	165	rare	Adam Paquette		
"Emmara, Soul of the Accord"	GW	2	Legendary Creature ? Elf Cleric	"Whenever Emmara, Soul of the Accord becomes tapped, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token with lifelink."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	168	rare	Mark Winters		
Ionize	1UR	3	Instant	Counter target spell. Ionize deals 2 damage to that spell's controller.	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	179	rare	Chase Stone		
Knight of Autumn	1GW	3	Creature ? Dryad Knight	"When Knight of Autumn enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Put two +1/+1 counters on Knight of Autumn.
? Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
? You gain 4 life."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	183	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
"Lazav, the Multifarious"	UB	2	Legendary Creature ? Shapeshifter	"When Lazav, the Multifarious enters the battlefield, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.)
{X}: Lazav, the Multifarious becomes a copy of target creature card in your graveyard with converted mana cost X, except its name is Lazav, the Multifarious, it's legendary in addition to its other types, and it has this ability."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	184	mythic	Yongjae Choi		
March of the Multitudes	XGWW	3	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of the creature's color.)
Create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens with lifelink."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	188	mythic	Zack Stella		
Mnemonic Betrayal	1UB	3	Sorcery	"Exile all cards from all opponents' graveyards. You may cast those cards this turn, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast those spells. At the beginning of the next end step, if any of those cards remain exiled, return them to their owners' graveyards.
Exile Mnemonic Betrayal."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	189	mythic	Clint Cearley		
"Niv-Mizzet, Parun"	UUURRR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Wizard	"This spell can't be countered.
Flying
Whenever you draw a card, Niv-Mizzet, Parun deals 1 damage to any target.
Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell, you draw a card."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	192	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Ral, Izzet Viceroy"	3UR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ral	"+1: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.
-3: Ral, Izzet Viceroy deals damage to target creature equal to the total number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.
-8: You get an emblem with ""Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, this emblem deals 4 damage to any target and you draw two cards."""	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	195	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Swiftblade Vindicator	RW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Double strike, vigilance, trample"	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	203	rare	Viktor Titov		
"Tajic, Legion's Edge"	1RW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Haste
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Prevent all noncombat damage that would be dealt to other creatures you control.
{R}{W}: Tajic, Legion's Edge gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	204	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Thief of Sanity	1UB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Thief of Sanity deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of that player's library, exile one of them face down, then put the rest into their graveyard. You may look at and cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	205	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Thought Erasure	UB	2	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)"	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	206	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Trostani Discordant	3GW	5	Legendary Creature ? Dryad	"Other creatures you control get +1/+1.
When Trostani Discordant enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens with lifelink.
At the beginning of your end step, each player gains control of all creatures they own."	W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	208	mythic	Chase Stone		
Underrealm Lich	3BG	5	Creature ? Zombie Elf Shaman	"If you would draw a card, instead look at the top three cards of your library, then put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Pay 4 life: Underrealm Lich gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	211	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
Unmoored Ego	1UB	3	Sorcery	"Choose a card name. Search target opponent's graveyard, hand, and library for up to four cards with that name and exile them. That player shuffles their library, then draws a card for each card exiled from their hand this way."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	212	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
"Vraska, Golgari Queen"	2BG	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vraska	"+2: You may sacrifice another permanent. If you do, you gain 1 life and draw a card.
-3: Destroy target nonland permanent with converted mana cost 3 or less.
-9: You get an emblem with ""Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game."""	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	213	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Chamber Sentry	X	0	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Chamber Sentry enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.
{X}, {T}, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Chamber Sentry: It deals X damage to any target.
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Return Chamber Sentry from your graveyard to your hand."		W	Guilds of Ravnica	232	rare	Adam Paquette		
Wall of Mist	1U	2	Creature ? Wall	Defender	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	58	common	Tianhua X		
Child of Night	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire	Lifelink	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	65	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Hitchclaw Recluse	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	133	common	Mike Bierek		
Ral's Dispersal	3UU	5	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Ral, Caller of Storms, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	266	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Precision Bolt	2R	3	Sorcery	Precision Bolt deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Guilds of Ravnica	267	common	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Ral's Staticaster	2UR	4	Creature ? Viashino Wizard	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Whenever Ral's Staticaster attacks, if you control a Ral planeswalker, Ral's Staticaster gets +1/+0 for each card in your hand until end of turn."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	268	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Kraul Raider	2B	3	Creature ? Insect Warrior	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	B	B	Guilds of Ravnica	270	common	Ben Wootten		
Attendant of Vraska	1BG	3	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"When Attendant of Vraska dies, if you control a Vraska planeswalker, you gain life equal to Attendant of Vraska's power."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	271	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Vraska's Stoneglare	4BG	6	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. You gain life equal to its toughness. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Vraska, Regal Gorgon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	272	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Guild Summit	2U	3	Enchantment	"When Guild Summit enters the battlefield, you may tap any number of untapped Gates you control. Draw a card for each Gate tapped this way.
Whenever a Gate enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	41	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Assassin's Trophy	BG	2	Instant	"Destroy target permanent an opponent controls. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	152	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Firemind's Research	UR	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a charge counter on Firemind's Research.
{1}{U}, Remove two charge counters from Firemind's Research: Draw a card.
{1}{R}, Remove five charge counters from Firemind's Research: It deals 5 damage to any target."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	171	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Thousand-Year Storm	4UR	6	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, copy it for each other instant and sorcery spell you've cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	207	mythic	Dimitar Marinski		
"Ral, Caller of Storms"	4UR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ral	"+1: Draw a card.
?2: Ral, Caller of Storms deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets.
?7: Draw seven cards. Ral, Caller of Storms deals 7 damage to each creature your opponents control."	U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	265	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
"Vraska, Regal Gorgon"	5BG	7	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vraska	"+2: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. That creature gains menace until end of turn.
?3: Destroy target creature.
?10: For each creature card in your graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	269	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Impervious Greatwurm	7GGG	10	Creature ? Wurm	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Indestructible"	G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	273	mythic	Simon Dominic		
"Karn, the Great Creator"	4	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Karn	"Activated abilities of artifacts your opponents control can't be activated.
+1: Until your next turn, up to one target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost.
?2: You may choose an artifact card you own from outside the game or in exile, reveal that card, and put it into your hand."			War of the Spark	1	rare	Wisnu Tan		
"Ugin, the Ineffable"	6	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ugin	"Colorless spells you cast cost {2} less to cast.
+1: Exile the top card of your library face down and look at it. Create a 2/2 colorless Spirit creature token. When that token leaves the battlefield, put the exiled card into your hand.
?3: Destroy target permanent that's one or more colors."			War of the Spark	2	rare	Daarken		
Ugin's Conjurant	X	0	Creature ? Spirit Monk	"Ugin's Conjurant enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Ugin's Conjurant while it has a +1/+1 counter on it, prevent that damage and remove that many +1/+1 counters from Ugin's Conjurant."			War of the Spark	3	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Bond of Discipline	4W	5	Sorcery	Tap all creatures your opponents control. Creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn.	W	W	War of the Spark	6	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Finale of Glory	XWW	2	Sorcery	"Create X 2/2 white Soldier creature tokens with vigilance. If X is 10 or more, also create X 4/4 white Angel creature tokens with flying and vigilance."	W	W	War of the Spark	12	mythic	Stanton Feng		
Gideon Blackblade	1WW	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon	"As long as it's your turn, Gideon Blackblade is a 4/4 Human Soldier creature with indestructible that's still a planeswalker.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Gideon Blackblade during your turn.
+1: Up to one other target creature you control gains your choice of vigilance, lifelink, or indestructible until end of turn.
?6: Exile target nonland permanent."	W	W	War of the Spark	13	mythic	Viktor Titov		
Gideon's Triumph	1W	2	Instant	"Target opponent sacrifices a creature that attacked or blocked this turn. If you control a Gideon planeswalker, that player sacrifices two of those creatures instead."	W	W	War of the Spark	15	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
God-Eternal Oketra	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie God	"Double strike
Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 4/4 black Zombie Warrior creature token with vigilance.
When God-Eternal Oketra dies or is put into exile from the battlefield, you may put it into its owner's library third from the top."	W	W	War of the Spark	16	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Grateful Apparition	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Grateful Apparition deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	W	W	War of the Spark	17	uncommon	Izzy		
Ignite the Beacon	4W	5	Instant	"Search your library for up to two planeswalker cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	War of the Spark	18	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Parhelion II	6WW	8	Legendary Artifact ? Vehicle	"Flying, first strike, vigilance
Whenever Parhelion II attacks, create two 4/4 white Angel creature tokens with flying and vigilance that are attacking.
Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"	W	W	War of the Spark	24	rare	Adam Paquette		
Prison Realm	2W	3	Enchantment	"When Prison Realm enters the battlefield, exile target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls until Prison Realm leaves the battlefield.
When Prison Realm enters the battlefield, scry 1."	W	W	War of the Spark	26	uncommon	Daarken		
Rally of Wings	1W	2	Instant	Untap all creatures you control. Creatures you control with flying get +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	War of the Spark	27	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Ravnica at War	3W	4	Sorcery	Exile all multicolored permanents.	W	W	War of the Spark	28	rare	Adam Paquette		
Single Combat	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Each player chooses a creature or planeswalker they control, then sacrifices the rest. Players can't cast creature or planeswalker spells until the end of your next turn."	W	W	War of the Spark	30	rare	Livia Prima		
Sunblade Angel	5W	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike, vigilance, lifelink"	W	W	War of the Spark	31	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
"Teyo, the Shieldmage"	2W	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Teyo	"You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
?2: Create a 0/3 white Wall creature token with defender."	W	W	War of the Spark	32	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
"Tomik, Distinguished Advokist"	WW	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Flying
Lands on the battlefield and land cards in graveyards can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.
Your opponents can't play land cards from graveyards."	W	W	War of the Spark	34	rare	Johannes Voss		
The Wanderer	3W	4	Legendary Planeswalker	"Prevent all noncombat damage that would be dealt to you and other permanents you control.
?2: Exile target creature with power 4 or greater."	W	W	War of the Spark	37	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Bond of Insight	3U	4	Sorcery	Each player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard. Return up to two instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Bond of Insight.	U	U	War of the Spark	43	uncommon	Joe Slucher		
Commence the Endgame	4UU	6	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Draw two cards, then amass X, where X is the number of cards in your hand. (Put X +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	45	rare	Noah Bradley		
Eternal Skylord	4U	5	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Eternal Skylord enters the battlefield, amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)
Zombie tokens you control have flying."	U	U	War of the Spark	49	uncommon	Johan Grenier		
"Fblthp, the Lost"	1U	2	Legendary Creature ? Homunculus	"When Fblthp, the Lost enters the battlefield, draw a card. If it entered from your library or was cast from your library, draw two cards instead.
When Fblthp becomes the target of a spell, shuffle Fblthp into its owner's library."	U	U	War of the Spark	50	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Finale of Revelation	XUU	2	Sorcery	"Draw X cards. If X is 10 or more, instead shuffle your graveyard into your library, draw X cards, untap up to five lands, and you have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.
Exile Finale of Revelation."	U	U	War of the Spark	51	mythic	Johann Bodin		
Flux Channeler	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	52	uncommon	Heonhwa Choe		
God-Eternal Kefnet	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie God	"Flying
You may reveal the first card you draw each turn as you draw it. Whenever you reveal an instant or sorcery card this way, copy that card and you may cast the copy. That copy costs {2} less to cast.
When God-Eternal Kefnet dies or is put into exile from the battlefield, you may put it into its owner's library third from the top."	U	U	War of the Spark	53	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
"Jace, Wielder of Mysteries"	1UUU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"If you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.
+1: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard. Draw a card.
?8: Draw seven cards. Then if your library has no cards in it, you win the game."	U	U	War of the Spark	54	rare	Anna Steinbauer		
Jace's Triumph	2U	3	Sorcery	"Draw two cards. If you control a Jace planeswalker, draw three cards instead."	U	U	War of the Spark	55	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
"Kasmina, Enigmatic Mentor"	3U	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kasmina	"Spells your opponents cast that target a creature or planeswalker you control cost {2} more to cast.
?2: Create a 2/2 blue Wizard creature token. Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	War of the Spark	56	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Lazotep Plating	1U	2	Instant	"Amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)
You and permanents you control gain hexproof until end of turn. (You and they can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	59	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
"Narset, Parter of Veils"	1UU	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Narset	"Each opponent can't draw more than one card each turn.
?2: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature, nonland card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	U	U	War of the Spark	61	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Narset's Reversal	UU	2	Instant	"Copy target instant or sorcery spell, then return it to its owner's hand. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	War of the Spark	62	rare	Viktor Titov		
Rescuer Sphinx	2UU	4	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
As Rescuer Sphinx enters the battlefield, you may return a nonland permanent you control to its owner's hand. If you do, Rescuer Sphinx enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	War of the Spark	65	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Silent Submersible	UU	2	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Whenever Silent Submersible deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, draw a card.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"	U	U	War of the Spark	66	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Spark Double	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"You may have Spark Double enter the battlefield as a copy of a creature or planeswalker you control, except it enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it if it's a creature, it enters with an additional loyalty counter on it if it's a planeswalker, and it isn't legendary if that permanent is legendary."	U	U	War of the Spark	68	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Bleeding Edge	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Up to one target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. Amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)"	B	B	War of the Spark	78	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Bolas's Citadel	3BBB	6	Legendary Artifact	"You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may play the top card of your library. If you cast a spell this way, pay life equal to its converted mana cost rather than pay its mana cost.
{T}, Sacrifice ten nonland permanents: Each opponent loses 10 life."	B	B	War of the Spark	79	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Bond of Revival	4B	5	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste until your next turn.	B	B	War of the Spark	80	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Command the Dreadhorde	4BB	6	Sorcery	Choose any number of target creature and/or planeswalker cards in graveyards. Command the Dreadhorde deals damage to you equal to the total converted mana cost of those cards. Put them onto the battlefield under your control.	B	B	War of the Spark	82	rare	Daarken		
"Davriel, Rogue Shadowmage"	2B	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Davriel	"At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if that player has one or fewer cards in hand, Davriel, Rogue Shadowmage deals 2 damage to them.
?1: Target player discards a card."	B	B	War of the Spark	83	uncommon	Daarken		
Deliver Unto Evil	2B	3	Sorcery	"Choose up to four target cards in your graveyard. If you control a Bolas planeswalker, return those cards to your hand. Otherwise, an opponent chooses two of them. Leave the chosen cards in your graveyard and put the rest into your hand.
Exile Deliver Unto Evil."	B	B	War of the Spark	85	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Dreadhorde Invasion	1B	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)
Whenever a Zombie token you control with power 6 or greater attacks, it gains lifelink until end of turn."	B	B	War of the Spark	86	rare	Stanton Feng		
Dreadmalkin	B	1	Creature ? Zombie Cat	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
{2}{B}, Sacrifice another creature or planeswalker: Put two +1/+1 counters on Dreadmalkin."	B	B	War of the Spark	87	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
The Elderspell	BB	2	Sorcery	Destroy any number of target planeswalkers. Choose a planeswalker you control. Put two loyalty counters on it for each planeswalker destroyed this way.	B	B	War of the Spark	89	rare	Daarken		
Eternal Taskmaster	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"Eternal Taskmaster enters the battlefield tapped.
Whenever Eternal Taskmaster attacks, you may pay {2}{B}. If you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	War of the Spark	90	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Finale of Eternity	XBB	2	Sorcery	"Destroy up to three target creatures with toughness X or less. If X is 10 or more, return all creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	War of the Spark	91	mythic	Daarken		
God-Eternal Bontu	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie God	"Menace
When God-Eternal Bontu enters the battlefield, sacrifice any number of other permanents, then draw that many cards.
When God-Eternal Bontu dies or is put into exile from the battlefield, you may put it into its owner's library third from the top."	B	B	War of the Spark	92	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
"Liliana, Dreadhorde General"	4BB	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"Whenever a creature you control dies, draw a card.
+1: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
?4: Each player sacrifices two creatures.
?9: Each opponent chooses a permanent they control of each permanent type and sacrifices the rest."	B	B	War of the Spark	97	mythic	Chris Rallis		
Liliana's Triumph	1B	2	Instant	"Each opponent sacrifices a creature. If you control a Liliana planeswalker, each opponent also discards a card."	B	B	War of the Spark	98	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Massacre Girl	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Assassin	"Menace
When Massacre Girl enters the battlefield, each other creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Whenever a creature dies this turn, each creature other than Massacre Girl gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	War of the Spark	99	rare	Chris Rallis		
"Ob Nixilis, the Hate-Twisted"	3BB	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nixilis	"Whenever an opponent draws a card, Ob Nixilis, the Hate-Twisted deals 1 damage to that player.
?2: Destroy target creature. Its controller draws two cards."	B	B	War of the Spark	100	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Price of Betrayal	B	1	Sorcery	"Remove up to five counters from target artifact, creature, planeswalker, or opponent."	B	B	War of the Spark	102	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Vizier of the Scorpion	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Vizier of the Scorpion enters the battlefield, amass 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)
Zombie tokens you control have deathtouch."	B	B	War of the Spark	111	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Bolt Bend	3R	4	Instant	"This spell costs {3} less to cast if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.
Change the target of target spell or ability with a single target."	R	R	War of the Spark	115	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Bond of Passion	4RR	6	Sorcery	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Bond of Passion deals 2 damage to any other target.	R	R	War of the Spark	116	uncommon	Izzy		
"Chandra, Fire Artisan"	2RR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"Whenever one or more loyalty counters are removed from Chandra, Fire Artisan, she deals that much damage to target opponent or planeswalker.
+1: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.
?7: Exile the top seven cards of your library. You may play them this turn."	R	R	War of the Spark	119	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Chandra's Triumph	1R	2	Instant	Chandra's Triumph deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls. Chandra's Triumph deals 5 damage to that permanent instead if you control a Chandra planeswalker.	R	R	War of the Spark	121	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Cyclops Electromancer	4R	5	Creature ? Cyclops Wizard	"When Cyclops Electromancer enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to target creature an opponent controls, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard."	R	R	War of the Spark	122	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Devouring Hellion	2R	3	Creature ? Hellion	"As Devouring Hellion enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures and/or planeswalkers. If you do, it enters with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it."	R	R	War of the Spark	124	uncommon	Bayard Wu		
Dreadhorde Arcanist	1R	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"Trample
Whenever Dreadhorde Arcanist attacks, you may cast target instant or sorcery card with converted mana cost less than or equal to Dreadhorde Arcanist's power from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	War of the Spark	125	rare	G-host Lee		
Dreadhorde Twins	3R	4	Creature ? Zombie Jackal Warrior	"When Dreadhorde Twins enters the battlefield, amass 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. If you don't control one, create a 0/0 black Zombie Army creature token first.)
Zombie tokens you control have trample."	R	R	War of the Spark	126	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Finale of Promise	XRR	2	Sorcery	"You may cast up to one target instant card and/or up to one target sorcery card from your graveyard each with converted mana cost X or less without paying their mana costs. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead. If X is 10 or more, copy each of those spells twice. You may choose new targets for the copies."	R	R	War of the Spark	127	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Ilharg, the Raze-Boar"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Boar God	"Trample
Whenever Ilharg, the Raze-Boar attacks, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking. Return that creature to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.
When Ilharg, the Raze-Boar dies or is put into exile from the battlefield, you may put it into its owner's library third from the top."	R	R	War of the Spark	133	mythic	Filip Burburan		
"Jaya, Venerated Firemage"	4R	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jaya	"If another red source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 1 to that permanent or player instead.
?2: Jaya, Venerated Firemage deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	War of the Spark	135	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
"Krenko, Tin Street Kingpin"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Krenko, Tin Street Kingpin attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it, then create a number of 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens equal to Krenko's power."	R	R	War of the Spark	137	rare	Mark Behm		
Mizzium Tank	1RR	3	Artifact ? Vehicle	"Trample
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Mizzium Tank becomes an artifact creature and gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)"	R	R	War of the Spark	138	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
"Neheb, Dreadhorde Champion"	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Minotaur Warrior	"Trample
Whenever Neheb, Dreadhorde Champion deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may discard any number of cards. If you do, draw that many cards and add that much {R}. Until end of turn, you don't lose this mana as steps and phases end."	R	R	War of the Spark	140	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Sarkhan the Masterless	3RR	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, each Dragon you control deals 1 damage to that creature.
+1: Until end of turn, each planeswalker you control becomes a 4/4 red Dragon creature and gains flying.
?3: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	War of the Spark	143	rare	Kieran Yanner		
"Tibalt, Rakish Instigator"	2R	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tibalt	"Your opponents can't gain life.
?2: Create a 1/1 red Devil creature token with ""When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	War of the Spark	146	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Tibalt's Rager	1R	2	Creature ? Devil	"When Tibalt's Rager dies, it deals 1 damage to any target.
{1}{R}: Tibalt's Rager gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	War of the Spark	147	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
"Arlinn, Voice of the Pack"	4GG	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Arlinn	"Each creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
?2: Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token."	G	G	War of the Spark	150	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Awakening of Vitu-Ghazi	3GG	5	Instant	Put nine +1/+1 counters on target land you control. It becomes a legendary 0/0 Elemental creature with haste named Vitu-Ghazi. It's still a land.	G	G	War of the Spark	152	rare	Jaime Jones		
Bond of Flourishing	1G	2	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. You gain 3 life.	G	G	War of the Spark	155	uncommon	Tyler Walpole		
Challenger Troll	4G	5	Creature ? Troll	Each creature you control with power 4 or greater can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	War of the Spark	157	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Evolution Sage	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	G	G	War of the Spark	159	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Finale of Devastation	XGG	2	Sorcery	"Search your library and/or graveyard for a creature card with converted mana cost X or less and put it onto the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle it. If X is 10 or more, creatures you control get +X/+X and gain haste until end of turn."	G	G	War of the Spark	160	mythic	Bayard Wu		
God-Eternal Rhonas	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie God	"Deathtouch
When God-Eternal Rhonas enters the battlefield, double the power of each other creature you control until end of turn. Those creatures gain vigilance until end of turn.
When God-Eternal Rhonas dies or is put into exile from the battlefield, you may put it into its owner's library third from the top."	G	G	War of the Spark	163	mythic	Lius Lasahido		
"Jiang Yanggu, Wildcrafter"	2G	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Yanggu	"Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has ""{T}: Add one mana of any color.""
?1: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	War of the Spark	164	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
"Mowu, Loyal Companion"	3G	4	Legendary Creature ? Hound	"Trample, vigilance
If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on Mowu, Loyal Companion, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on it instead."	G	G	War of the Spark	167	uncommon	Kimonas Theodossiou		
"Nissa, Who Shakes the World"	3GG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"Whenever you tap a Forest for mana, add an additional {G}.
+1: Put three +1/+1 counters on up to one target noncreature land you control. Untap it. It becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with vigilance and haste that's still a land.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Lands you control have indestructible."" Search your library for any number of Forest cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	War of the Spark	169	rare	Chris Rallis		
Swamp		0	Basic Land ? Swamp	({T}: Add {B}.)		B	Champions of Kamigawa	297	common	Jim Nelson		
Mountain		0	Basic Land ? Mountain	({T}: Add {R}.)		R	Champions of Kamigawa	299	common	John Avon		
Forest		0	Basic Land ? Forest	({T}: Add {G}.)		G	Champions of Kamigawa	303	common	Rob Alexander		
Plains		0	Basic Land ? Plains	({T}: Add {W}.)		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	287	common	Stephan Martiniere		
Island		0	Basic Land ? Island	({T}: Add {U}.)		U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	291	common	Stephan Martiniere		
Evolving Wilds		0	Land	"{T}, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."			Dark Ascension	155	common	Cliff Childs		
Azorius Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Azorius Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Dragon's Maze	146	common	Drew Baker		
Boros Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Boros Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Dragon's Maze	147	common	Noah Bradley		
Dimir Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Dimir Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Dragon's Maze	148	common	Cliff Childs		
Golgari Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Golgari Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Dragon's Maze	149	common	Eytan Zana		
Gruul Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Gruul Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Dragon's Maze	150	common	Randy Gallegos		
Izzet Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Izzet Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Dragon's Maze	151	common	Noah Bradley		
Orzhov Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Orzhov Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Dragon's Maze	153	common	John Avon		
Rakdos Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Rakdos Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Dragon's Maze	154	common	Eytan Zana		
Selesnya Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Selesnya Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Dragon's Maze	155	common	Howard Lyon		
Simic Guildgate		0	Land ? Gate	"Simic Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}."		U	Dragon's Maze	156	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Rupture Spire		0	Land	"Rupture Spire enters the battlefield tapped.
When Rupture Spire enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay {1}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Conflux	144	common	Jaime Jones		
Unknown Shores		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Theros	229	common	Seb McKinnon		
Stone Quarry		0	Land	"Stone Quarry enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Kaladesh	269	common	Efflam Mercier		
Woodland Stream		0	Land	"Woodland Stream enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}."		U	Kaladesh	274	common	Efflam Mercier		
Tranquil Expanse		0	Land	"Tranquil Expanse enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Aether Revolt	189	common	Sam Burley		
Submerged Boneyard		0	Land	"Submerged Boneyard enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Aether Revolt	194	common	Christine Choi		
Foul Orchard		0	Land	"Foul Orchard enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Amonkhet	279	common	Mark Poole		
Cinder Barrens		0	Land	"Cinder Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Amonkhet	280	common	Cliff Childs		
Forsaken Sanctuary		0	Land	"Forsaken Sanctuary enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Amonkhet	281	common	Vincent Proce		
Highland Lake		0	Land	"Highland Lake enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Amonkhet	282	common	Florian de Gesincourt		
Meandering River		0	Land	"Meandering River enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Amonkhet	283	common	Cliff Childs		
Timber Gorge		0	Land	"Timber Gorge enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Amonkhet	285	common	Cliff Childs		
Gateway Plaza		0	Land ? Gate	"Gateway Plaza enters the battlefield tapped.
When Gateway Plaza enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay {1}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Ravnica Allegiance	247	common	Jedd Chevrier		
Overgrown Tomb		0	Land ? Swamp Forest	"({T}: Add {B} or {G}.)
As Overgrown Tomb enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		G	Ravnica: City of Guilds	279	rare	Rob Alexander		
Sacred Foundry		0	Land ? Mountain Plains	"({T}: Add {R} or {W}.)
As Sacred Foundry enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	280	rare	Rob Alexander		
Temple Garden		0	Land ? Forest Plains	"({T}: Add {G} or {W}.)
As Temple Garden enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		W	Ravnica: City of Guilds	284	rare	Rob Alexander		
Watery Grave		0	Land ? Island Swamp	"({T}: Add {U} or {B}.)
As Watery Grave enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		U	Ravnica: City of Guilds	286	rare	Rob Alexander		
Godless Shrine		0	Land ? Plains Swamp	"({T}: Add {W} or {B}.)
As Godless Shrine enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		W	Guildpact	157	rare	Rob Alexander		
Steam Vents		0	Land ? Island Mountain	"({T}: Add {U} or {R}.)
As Steam Vents enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		U	Guildpact	164	rare	Rob Alexander		
Stomping Ground		0	Land ? Mountain Forest	"({T}: Add {R} or {G}.)
As Stomping Ground enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		R	Guildpact	165	rare	Rob Alexander		
Blood Crypt		0	Land ? Swamp Mountain	"({T}: Add {B} or {R}.)
As Blood Crypt enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		R	Dissension	171	rare	Rob Alexander		
Breeding Pool		0	Land ? Forest Island	"({T}: Add {G} or {U}.)
As Breeding Pool enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		U	Dissension	172	rare	Rob Alexander		
Hallowed Fountain		0	Land ? Plains Island	"({T}: Add {W} or {U}.)
As Hallowed Fountain enters the battlefield, you may pay 2 life. If you don't, it enters the battlefield tapped."		W	Dissension	174	rare	Rob Alexander		
Reliquary Tower		0	Land	"You have no maximum hand size.
{T}: Add {C}."			Conflux	143	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Clifftop Retreat		0	Land	"Clifftop Retreat enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Mountain or a Plains.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}."		W	Innistrad	238	rare	John Avon		
Hinterland Harbor		0	Land	"Hinterland Harbor enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Forest or an Island.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}."		U	Innistrad	241	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Isolated Chapel		0	Land	"Isolated Chapel enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Plains or a Swamp.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}."		W	Innistrad	242	rare	Cliff Childs		
Sulfur Falls		0	Land	"Sulfur Falls enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an Island or a Mountain.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}."		U	Innistrad	248	rare	Cliff Childs		
Woodland Cemetery		0	Land	"Woodland Cemetery enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Swamp or a Forest.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}."		G	Innistrad	249	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Dragonskull Summit		0	Land	"Dragonskull Summit enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Swamp or a Mountain.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Ixalan	252	rare	Alayna Danner		
Drowned Catacomb		0	Land	"Drowned Catacomb enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an Island or a Swamp.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Ixalan	253	rare	Jung Park		
Field of Ruin		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Field of Ruin: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. Each player searches their library for a basic land card, puts it onto the battlefield, then shuffles their library."			Ixalan	254	uncommon	Dimitar Marinski		
Glacial Fortress		0	Land	"Glacial Fortress enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Plains or an Island.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Ixalan	255	rare	James Paick		
Rootbound Crag		0	Land	"Rootbound Crag enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Mountain or a Forest.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Ixalan	256	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Sunpetal Grove		0	Land	"Sunpetal Grove enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Forest or a Plains.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Ixalan	257	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Unclaimed Territory		0	Land	"As Unclaimed Territory enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type."			Ixalan	258	uncommon	Dimitar Marinski		
Arch of Orazca		0	Land	"Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city's blessing for the rest of the game.)
{T}: Add {C}.
{5}, {T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have the city's blessing."			Rivals of Ixalan	185	rare	Titus Lunter		
Cabal Stronghold		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{3}, {T}: Add {B} for each basic Swamp you control."		B	Dominaria	238	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Memorial to Folly		0	Land	"Memorial to Folly enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
{2}{B}, {T}, Sacrifice Memorial to Folly: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."		B	Dominaria	242	uncommon	Sung Choi		
Memorial to Genius		0	Land	"Memorial to Genius enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
{4}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Memorial to Genius: Draw two cards."		U	Dominaria	243	uncommon	James Paick		
Memorial to Glory		0	Land	"Memorial to Glory enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
{3}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Memorial to Glory: Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."		W	Dominaria	244	uncommon	James Paick		
Memorial to Unity		0	Land	"Memorial to Unity enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
{2}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Memorial to Unity: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Then put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."		G	Dominaria	245	uncommon	Cliff Childs		
Memorial to War		0	Land	"Memorial to War enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
{4}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Memorial to War: Destroy target land."		R	Dominaria	246	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Zhalfirin Void		0	Land	"When Zhalfirin Void enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{T}: Add {C}."			Dominaria	249	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Guildmages' Forum		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color. If that mana is spent on a multicolored creature spell, that creature enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."			Guilds of Ravnica	250	rare	Adam Paquette		
Plaza of Harmony		0	Land	"When Plaza of Harmony enters the battlefield, if you control two or more Gates, you gain 3 life.
{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any type that a Gate you control could produce."			Ravnica Allegiance	254	rare	Jedd Chevrier		
Blast Zone		0	Land	"Blast Zone enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it.
{T}: Add {C}.
{X}{X}, {T}: Put X charge counters on Blast Zone.
{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Blast Zone: Destroy each nonland permanent with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Blast Zone."			War of the Spark	244	rare	Chris Ostrowski		
Emergence Zone		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Emergence Zone: You may cast spells this turn as though they had flash."			War of the Spark	245	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Interplanar Beacon		0	Land	"Whenever you cast a planeswalker spell, you gain 1 life.
{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add two mana of different colors. Spend this mana only to cast planeswalker spells."			War of the Spark	247	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Karn's Bastion		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"			War of the Spark	248	rare	Adam Paquette		
Mobilized District		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}: Mobilized District becomes a 3/3 Citizen creature with vigilance until end of turn. It's still a land. This ability costs {1} less to activate for each legendary creature and planeswalker you control."			War of the Spark	249	rare	Jedd Chevrier		
Angel of Grace	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flash
Flying
When Angel of Grace enters the battlefield, until end of turn, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.
{4}{W}{W}, Exile Angel of Grace from your graveyard: Your life total becomes 10."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	1	mythic	Ryan Yee		
Angelic Exaltation	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, it gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	2	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Archway Angel	5W	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Archway Angel enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life for each Gate you control."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	3	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
Forbidding Spirit	1WW	3	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"When Forbidding Spirit enters the battlefield, until your next turn, creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays {2} for each of those creatures."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	9	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Hero of Precinct One	1W	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever you cast a multicolored spell, create a 1/1 white Human creature token."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	11	rare	Bram Sels		
Lumbering Battlement	4W	5	Creature ? Beast	"Vigilance
When Lumbering Battlement enters the battlefield, exile any number of other nontoken creatures you control until it leaves the battlefield.
Lumbering Battlement gets +2/+2 for each card exiled with it."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	15	rare	Simon Dominic		
Ministrant of Obligation	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Afterlife 2 (When this creature dies, create two 1/1 white and black Spirit creature tokens with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	16	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Rally to Battle	3W	4	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+3 until end of turn. Untap them.	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	18	uncommon	Ben Wootten		
Resolute Watchdog	W	1	Creature ? Hound	"Defender
{1}, Sacrifice Resolute Watchdog: Target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	19	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
Sentinel's Mark	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has vigilance.
Addendum ? When Sentinel's Mark enters the battlefield, if you cast it during your main phase, enchanted creature gains lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	20	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Sky Tether	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has defender and loses flying."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	21	uncommon	Zezhou Chen		
Smothering Tithe	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent draws a card, that player may pay {2}. If the player doesn't, you create a colorless Treasure artifact token with ""{T}, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."""	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	22	rare	Mark Behm		
Spirit of the Spires	3W	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Other creatures you control with flying get +0/+1."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	23	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Tithe Taker	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"During your turn, spells your opponents cast cost {1} more to cast and abilities your opponents activate cost {1} more to activate unless they're mana abilities.
Afterlife 1 (When this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)"	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	27	rare	Aaron Miller		
Unbreakable Formation	2W	3	Instant	"Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, put a +1/+1 counter on each of those creatures and they gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	29	rare	Matt Stewart		
Benthic Biomancer	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard Mutant	"{1}{U}: Adapt 1. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Benthic Biomancer, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	32	rare	Daarken		
Code of Constraint	2U	3	Instant	"Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	35	uncommon	Ekaterina Burmak		
Essence Capture	UU	2	Instant	Counter target creature spell. Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature you control.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	37	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Eyes Everywhere	2U	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.
{5}{U}: Exchange control of Eyes Everywhere and target nonland permanent. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	38	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Gateway Sneak	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Rogue	"Whenever a Gate enters the battlefield under your control, Gateway Sneak can't be blocked this turn.
Whenever Gateway Sneak deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	40	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Mass Manipulation	XXUUUU	4	Sorcery	Gain control of X target creatures and/or planeswalkers.	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	42	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Mesmerizing Benthid	3UU	5	Creature ? Octopus	"When Mesmerizing Benthid enters the battlefield, create two 0/2 blue Illusion creature tokens with ""Whenever this creature blocks a creature, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.""
Mesmerizing Benthid has hexproof as long as you control an Illusion."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	43	mythic	Kev Walker		
Precognitive Perception	3UU	5	Instant	"Draw three cards.
Addendum ? If you cast this spell during your main phase, instead scry 3, then draw three cards."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	45	rare	Chris Rallis		
Pteramander	U	1	Creature ? Salamander Drake	"Flying
{7}{U}: Adapt 4. This ability costs {1} less to activate for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put four +1/+1 counters on it.)"	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	47	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Skatewing Spy	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Rogue Mutant	"{5}{U}: Adapt 2. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	52	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Sphinx of Foresight	2UU	4	Creature ? Sphinx	"You may reveal this card from your opening hand. If you do, scry 3 at the beginning of your first upkeep.
Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	55	rare	Titus Lunter		
Swirling Torrent	5U	6	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Put target creature on top of its owner's library.
? Return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	56	uncommon	Ben Wootten		
Verity Circle	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, if it isn't being declared as an attacker, you may draw a card.
{4}{U}: Tap target creature without flying."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	58	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Wall of Lost Thoughts	1U	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
When Wall of Lost Thoughts enters the battlefield, target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	59	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Windstorm Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Other creatures you control with flying get +1/+0."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	60	uncommon	Daarken		
Awaken the Erstwhile	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Each player discards all the cards in their hand, then creates that many 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	61	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Bankrupt in Blood	1B	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice two creatures.
Draw three cards."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	62	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Bloodmist Infiltrator	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever Bloodmist Infiltrator attacks, you may sacrifice another creature. If you do, Bloodmist Infiltrator can't be blocked this turn."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	65	uncommon	Mitchell Malloy		
Clear the Stage	4B	5	Instant	"Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	68	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Cry of the Carnarium	1BB	3	Sorcery	"All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. Exile all creature cards in all graveyards that were put there from the battlefield this turn. If a creature would die this turn, exile it instead."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	70	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Drill Bit	2B	3	Sorcery	"Spectacle {B} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	73	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Font of Agonies	B	1	Enchantment	"Whenever you pay life, put that many blood counters on Font of Agonies.
{1}{B}, Remove four blood counters from Font of Agonies: Destroy target creature."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	74	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Gutterbones	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"Gutterbones enters the battlefield tapped.
{1}{B}: Return Gutterbones from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your turn and only if an opponent lost life this turn."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	76	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Orzhov Enforcer	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Deathtouch
Afterlife 1 (When this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)"	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	79	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Orzhov Racketeers	4B	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Orzhov Racketeers deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Afterlife 2 (When this creature dies, create two 1/1 white and black Spirit creature tokens with flying.)"	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	80	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Pestilent Spirit	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Menace, deathtouch
Instant and sorcery spells you control have deathtouch. (Any amount of damage they deal to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	81	rare	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Priest of Forgotten Gods	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice two other creatures: Any number of target players each lose 2 life and sacrifice a creature. You add {B}{B} and draw a card."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	83	rare	Zack Stella		
Spawn of Mayhem	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Spectacle {1}{B}{B} (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, Spawn of Mayhem deals 1 damage to each player. Then if you have 10 or less life, put a +1/+1 counter on Spawn of Mayhem."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	85	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Spire Mangler	2B	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flash
Flying
When Spire Mangler enters the battlefield, target creature with flying you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	86	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Vindictive Vampire	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever another creature you control dies, Vindictive Vampire deals 1 damage to each opponent and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Ravnica Allegiance	90	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Amplifire	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Until your next turn, Amplifire's base power becomes twice that card's power and its base toughness becomes twice that card's toughness. Put the revealed cards on the bottom of your library in a random order."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	92	rare	Dan Scott		
Cavalcade of Calamity	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control with power 1 or less attacks, Cavalcade of Calamity deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	95	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Clamor Shaman	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Riot (This creature enters the battlefield with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Whenever Clamor Shaman attacks, target creature an opponent controls can't block this turn."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	96	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Dagger Caster	3R	4	Creature ? Viashino Rogue	"When Dagger Caster enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each opponent and 1 damage to each creature your opponents control."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	97	uncommon	Viktor Titov		
Electrodominance	XRR	2	Instant	Electrodominance deals X damage to any target. You may cast a card with converted mana cost X or less from your hand without paying its mana cost.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	99	rare	Dmitry Burmak		
Flames of the Raze-Boar	5R	6	Instant	Flames of the Raze-Boar deals 4 damage to target creature an opponent controls. Then Flames of the Raze-Boar deals 2 damage to each other creature that player controls if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	101	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Gates Ablaze	2R	3	Sorcery	"Gates Ablaze deals X damage to each creature, where X is the number of Gates you control."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	102	uncommon	Eytan Zana		
Immolation Shaman	1R	2	Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"Whenever an opponent activates an ability of an artifact, creature, or land that isn't a mana ability, Immolation Shaman deals 1 damage to that player.
{3}{R}{R}: Immolation Shaman gets +3/+3 and gains menace until end of turn."	R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	106	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Axelrod Gunnarson	4BBRR	8	Legendary Creature ? Giant	"Trample
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Axelrod Gunnarson this turn dies, you gain 1 life and Axelrod deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	B	Legends	219	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Ayesha Tanaka	WWUU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
{T}: Counter target activated ability from an artifact source unless that ability's controller pays {W}. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	W	W	Legends	220	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Bartel Runeaxe	3BRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Vigilance
Bartel Runeaxe can't be the target of Aura spells."	R	R	Legends	222	rare	Andi Rusu		
Dakkon Blackblade	2WUUB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	Dakkon Blackblade's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.	W	W	Legends	225	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Gabriel Angelfire	3GGWW	7	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose flying, first strike, trample, or rampage 3. Gabriel Angelfire gains that ability until your next upkeep. (Whenever a creature with rampage 3 becomes blocked, it gets +3/+3 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	W	W	Legends	226	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Gosta Dirk	3WWUU	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"First strike
Creatures with islandwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have islandwalk."	W	W	Legends	227	rare	Richard Thomas		
Gwendlyn Di Corci	UBBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	{T}: Target player discards a card at random. Activate this ability only during your turn.	U	U	Legends	228	rare	Julie Baroh		
Halfdane	1WUB	4	Legendary Creature ? Shapeshifter	"At the beginning of your upkeep, change Halfdane's base power and toughness to the power and toughness of target creature other than Halfdane until the end of your next upkeep."	W	W	Legends	229	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Hunding Gjornersen	3WUU	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Rampage 1 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	W	W	Legends	231	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Jacques le Vert	1RGW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	Green creatures you control get +0/+2.	W	W	Legends	232	rare	Andi Rusu		
Johan	3RGW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may have Johan gain ""Johan can't attack"" until end of combat. If you do, attacking doesn't cause creatures you control to tap this combat if Johan is untapped."	W	W	Legends	236	rare	Mark Tedin		
Kasimir the Lone Wolf	4WU	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior		W	W	Legends	237	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Kei Takahashi	2GW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.	W	W	Legends	238	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Lady Caleria	3GGWW	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Archer	{T}: Lady Caleria deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Legends	239	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Lady Evangela	WUB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}{B}, {T}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target creature this turn."	W	W	Legends	240	rare	Mark Poole		
Livonya Silone	2RRGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	First strike; legendary landwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a legendary land.)	R	R	Legends	242	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Lord Magnus	3GWW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Druid	"First strike
Creatures with plainswalk can be blocked as though they didn't have plainswalk.
Creatures with forestwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have forestwalk."	W	W	Legends	243	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Marhault Elsdragon	3RRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Rampage 1 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	R	R	Legends	244	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Nebuchadnezzar	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{X}, {T}: Choose a card name. Target opponent reveals X cards at random from their hand. Then that player discards all cards with that name revealed this way. Activate this ability only during your turn."	U	U	Legends	245	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Palladia-Mors	2RRGGWW	8	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Palladia-Mors unless you pay {R}{G}{W}."	W	W	Legends	247	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Pavel Maliki	4BR	6	Legendary Creature ? Human	{B}{R}: Pavel Maliki gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Legends	248	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Princess Lucrezia	3UUB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Add {U}.	U	U	Legends	249	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Ragnar	GWU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{G}{W}{U}, {T}: Regenerate target creature."	W	W	Legends	250	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Ramses Overdark	2UUBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Assassin	{T}: Destroy target enchanted creature.	U	U	Legends	252	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Riven Turnbull	5UB	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	{T}: Add {B}.	U	U	Legends	254	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Rubinia Soulsinger	2GWU	5	Legendary Creature ? Faerie	"You may choose not to untap Rubinia Soulsinger during your untap step.
{T}: Gain control of target creature for as long as you control Rubinia and Rubinia remains tapped."	W	W	Legends	256	rare	Rob Alexander		
Sunastian Falconer	3RG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	{T}: Add {C}{C}.	R	R	Legends	261	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Tetsuo Umezawa	UBR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Archer	"Tetsuo Umezawa can't be the target of Aura spells.
{U}{B}{B}{R}, {T}: Destroy target tapped or blocking creature."	U	U	Legends	262	rare	Julie Baroh		
Tor Wauki	2BBR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Archer	{T}: Tor Wauki deals 2 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	R	R	Legends	265	uncommon	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Tuknir Deathlock	RRGG	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
{R}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Legends	267	rare	Liz Danforth		
Ur-Drago	3UUBB	7	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"First strike
Creatures with swampwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have swampwalk."	U	U	Legends	268	rare	Christopher Rush		
Vaevictis Asmadi	2BBRRGG	8	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Vaevictis Asmadi unless you pay {B}{R}{G}.
{B}: Vaevictis Asmadi gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{R}: Vaevictis Asmadi gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
{G}: Vaevictis Asmadi gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Legends	269	rare	Andi Rusu		
Xira Arien	BRG	3	Legendary Creature ? Insect Wizard	"Flying
{B}{R}{G}, {T}: Target player draws a card."	R	R	Legends	270	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Alchor's Tomb	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target permanent you control becomes the color of your choice. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"			Legends	272	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Arena of the Ancients	3	3	Artifact	"Legendary creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
When Arena of the Ancients enters the battlefield, tap all legendary creatures."			Legends	273	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Black Mana Battery	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Black Mana Battery.
{T}, Remove any number of charge counters from Black Mana Battery: Add {B}, then add an additional {B} for each charge counter removed this way."		B	Legends	274	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Blue Mana Battery	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Blue Mana Battery.
{T}, Remove any number of charge counters from Blue Mana Battery: Add {U}, then add an additional {U} for each charge counter removed this way."		U	Legends	275	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Bronze Horse	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Horse	"Trample
As long as you control another creature, prevent all damage that would be dealt to Bronze Horse by spells that target it."			Legends	276	rare	Mark Poole		
Forethought Amulet	5	5	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Forethought Amulet unless you pay {3}.
If an instant or sorcery source would deal 3 or more damage to you, it deals 2 damage to you instead."			Legends	277	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Green Mana Battery	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Green Mana Battery.
{T}, Remove any number of charge counters from Green Mana Battery: Add {G}, then add an additional {G} for each charge counter removed this way."		G	Legends	279	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Horn of Deafening	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target creature this turn."			Legends	280	rare	Dan Frazier		
Knowledge Vault	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Exile the top card of your library face down.
{0}: Sacrifice Knowledge Vault. If you do, discard your hand, then put all cards exiled with Knowledge Vault into their owner's hand.
When Knowledge Vault leaves the battlefield, put all cards exiled with Knowledge Vault into their owner's graveyard."			Legends	281	rare	Amy Weber		
Kry Shield	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn by target creature you control. That creature gets +0/+X until end of turn, where X is its converted mana cost."			Legends	282	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Life Chisel	4	4	Artifact	Sacrifice a creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.			Legends	283	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Life Matrix	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Put a matrix counter on target creature and that creature gains ""Remove a matrix counter from this creature: Regenerate this creature."" Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Legends	284	rare	Amy Weber		
Mana Matrix	6	6	Artifact	Instant and enchantment spells you cast cost up to {2} less to cast.			Legends	285	rare	Mark Tedin		
Marble Priest	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Cleric	"All Walls able to block Marble Priest do so.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Marble Priest by Walls."			Legends	286	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Mirror Universe	6	6	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Mirror Universe: Exchange life totals with target opponent. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Legends	287	rare	Phil Foglio		
North Star	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: For one spell this turn, you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to pay that spell's mana cost. (Additional costs are still paid normally.)"			Legends	288	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Nova Pentacle	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, that damage is dealt to target creature of an opponent's choice instead."			Legends	289	rare	Richard Thomas		
Planar Gate	6	6	Artifact	Creature spells you cast cost up to {2} less to cast.			Legends	290	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Red Mana Battery	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Put a charge counter on Red Mana Battery.
{T}, Remove any number of charge counters from Red Mana Battery: Add {R}, then add an additional {R} for each charge counter removed this way."		R	Legends	291	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Ring of Immortals	5	5	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Counter target instant or Aura spell that targets a permanent you control."			Legends	293	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Sentinel	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	{0}: Change Sentinel's base toughness to 1 plus the power of target creature blocking or blocked by Sentinel. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)			Legends	294	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Serpent Generator	6	6	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Snake artifact creature token. It has ""Whenever this creature deals damage to a player, that player gets a poison counter."" (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"			Legends	295	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sword of the Ages	6	6	Artifact	"Sword of the Ages enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}, Sacrifice Sword of the Ages and any number of creatures you control: Sword of the Ages deals X damage to any target, where X is the total power of the creatures sacrificed this way, then exile Sword of the Ages and those creature cards."			Legends	296	rare	Dan Frazier		
Triassic Egg	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Put a hatchling counter on Triassic Egg.
Sacrifice Triassic Egg: Choose one ?
? You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. Activate this ability only if two or more hatchling counters are on Triassic Egg.
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only if two or more hatchling counters are on Triassic Egg."			Legends	297	rare	Dan Frazier		
Voodoo Doll	6	6	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a pin counter on Voodoo Doll.
At the beginning of your end step, if Voodoo Doll is untapped, destroy Voodoo Doll and it deals damage to you equal to the number of pin counters on it.
{X}{X}, {T}: Voodoo Doll deals damage equal to the number of pin counters on it to any target. X is the number of pin counters on Voodoo Doll."			Legends	298	rare	Sandra Everingham		
White Mana Battery	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Put a charge counter on White Mana Battery.
{T}, Remove any number of charge counters from White Mana Battery: Add {W}, then add an additional {W} for each charge counter removed this way."		W	Legends	299	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Adventurers' Guildhouse		0	Land	"Green legendary creatures you control have ""bands with other legendary creatures."" (Any legendary creatures can attack in a band as long as at least one has ""bands with other legendary creatures."" Bands are blocked as a group. If at least two legendary creatures you control, one of which has ""bands with other legendary creatures,"" are blocking or being blocked by the same creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Legends	300	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Cathedral of Serra		0	Land	"White legendary creatures you control have ""bands with other legendary creatures."" (Any legendary creatures can attack in a band as long as at least one has ""bands with other legendary creatures."" Bands are blocked as a group. If at least two legendary creatures you control, one of which has ""bands with other legendary creatures,"" are blocking or being blocked by the same creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Legends	301	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Hammerheim		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {R}.
{T}: Target creature loses all landwalk abilities until end of turn."		R	Legends	302	uncommon	Bryon Wackwitz		
Mountain Stronghold		0	Land	"Red legendary creatures you control have ""bands with other legendary creatures."" (Any legendary creatures can attack in a band as long as at least one has ""bands with other legendary creatures."" Bands are blocked as a group. If at least two legendary creatures you control, one of which has ""bands with other legendary creatures,"" are blocking or being blocked by the same creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Legends	304	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Seafarer's Quay		0	Land	"Blue legendary creatures you control have ""bands with other legendary creatures."" (Any legendary creatures can attack in a band as long as at least one has ""bands with other legendary creatures."" Bands are blocked as a group. If at least two legendary creatures you control, one of which has ""bands with other legendary creatures,"" are blocking or being blocked by the same creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Legends	306	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Tolaria		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {U}.
{T}: Target creature loses banding and all ""bands with other"" abilities until end of turn. Activate this ability only during any upkeep step."		U	Legends	308	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Unholy Citadel		0	Land	"Black legendary creatures you control have ""bands with other legendary creatures."" (Any legendary creatures can attack in a band as long as at least one has ""bands with other legendary creatures."" Bands are blocked as a group. If at least two legendary creatures you control, one of which has ""bands with other legendary creatures,"" are blocking or being blocked by the same creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Legends	309	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Urborg		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {B}.
{T}: Target creature loses first strike or swampwalk until end of turn."		B	Legends	310	uncommon	Bryon Wackwitz		
Angelic Voices	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you control no nonartifact, nonwhite creatures."	W	W	Legends	4	rare	Julie Baroh		
Divine Intervention	6WW	8	Enchantment	"Divine Intervention enters the battlefield with two intervention counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove an intervention counter from Divine Intervention.
When you remove the last intervention counter from Divine Intervention, the game is a draw."	W	W	Legends	8	rare	Amy Weber		
Thunder Spirit	1WW	3	Creature ? Elemental Spirit	"Flying, first strike"	W	W	Legends	39	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Juxtapose	3U	4	Sorcery	"You and target player exchange control of the creature you each control with the highest converted mana cost. Then exchange control of artifacts the same way. If two or more permanents a player controls are tied for highest cost, their controller chooses one of them."	U	U	Legends	63	rare	Justin Hampton		
Time Elemental	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	"When Time Elemental attacks or blocks, at end of combat, sacrifice it and it deals 5 damage to you.
{2}{U}{U}, {T}: Return target permanent that isn't enchanted to its owner's hand."	U	U	Legends	81	rare	Amy Weber		
Wall of Wonder	2UU	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{2}{U}{U}: Wall of Wonder gets +4/-4 until end of turn and can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender."	U	U	Legends	85	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Hellfire	2BBB	5	Sorcery	"Destroy all nonblack creatures. Hellfire deals X plus 3 damage to you, where X is the number of creatures that died this way."	B	B	Legends	105	rare	Pete Venters		
Storm Seeker	3G	4	Instant	Storm Seeker deals damage to target player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand.	G	G	Legends	205	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Untamed Wilds	2G	3	Sorcery	Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Legends	210	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Arcades Sabboth	2GGWWUU	8	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Arcades Sabboth unless you pay {G}{W}{U}.
Each untapped creature you control gets +0/+2 as long as it's not attacking.
{W}: Arcades Sabboth gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Legends	218	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Boris Devilboon	3BR	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"{2}{B}{R}, {T}: Create a 1/1 black and red Demon creature token named Minor Demon."	R	R	Legends	223	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Chromium	2WWUUBB	8	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying
Rampage 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Chromium unless you pay {W}{U}{B}."	W	W	Legends	224	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Hazezon Tamar	4RGW	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Hazezon Tamar enters the battlefield, create X 1/1 Sand Warrior creature tokens that are red, green, and white at the beginning of your next upkeep, where X is the number of lands you control at that time.
When Hazezon leaves the battlefield, exile all Sand Warriors."	W	W	Legends	230	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Rasputin Dreamweaver	4WU	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Rasputin Dreamweaver enters the battlefield with seven dream counters on it.
Remove a dream counter from Rasputin: Add {C}.
Remove a dream counter from Rasputin: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Rasputin this turn.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Rasputin started the turn untapped, put a dream counter on it.
Rasputin can't have more than seven dream counters on it."	W	W	Legends	253	rare	Andi Rusu		
Rohgahh of Kher Keep	2BBRR	6	Legendary Creature ? Kobold	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {R}{R}{R}. If you don't, tap Rohgahh of Kher Keep and all creatures named Kobolds of Kher Keep, then an opponent gains control of them.
Creatures you control named Kobolds of Kher Keep get +2/+2."	R	R	Legends	255	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Stangg	4RG	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Stangg enters the battlefield, create a legendary 3/4 red and green Human Warrior creature token named Stangg Twin. Exile that token when Stangg leaves the battlefield. Sacrifice Stangg when that token leaves the battlefield."	R	R	Legends	260	rare	Mark Poole		
Al-abara's Carpet	5	5	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by attacking creatures without flying."			Legends	271	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Gauntlets of Chaos	5	5	Artifact	"{5}, Sacrifice Gauntlets of Chaos: Exchange control of target artifact, creature, or land you control and target permanent an opponent controls that shares one of those types with it. If those permanents are exchanged this way, destroy all Auras attached to them."			Legends	278	rare	Dan Frazier		
Amrou Kithkin	WW	2	Creature ? Kithkin	Amrou Kithkin can't be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.	W	W	Legends	3	common	Quinton Hoover		
D'Avenant Archer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	{T}: D'Avenant Archer deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Legends	7	common	Douglas Shuler		
Osai Vultures	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, put a carrion counter on Osai Vultures.
Remove two carrion counters from Osai Vultures: Osai Vultures gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Legends	29	common	Dan Frazier		
Righteous Avengers	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Plainswalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Plains.)	W	W	Legends	34	uncommon	Heather Hudson		
Shield Wall	1W	2	Instant	Creatures you control get +0/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Legends	36	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Wall of Light	2W	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Protection from black"	W	W	Legends	43	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Energy Tap	U	1	Sorcery	"Tap target untapped creature you control. If you do, add an amount of {C} equal to that creature's converted mana cost."	U	U	Legends	54	common	Daniel Gelon		
Force Spike	U	1	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}.	U	U	Legends	58	common	Bryon Wackwitz		
Telekinesis	UU	2	Instant	Tap target creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by that creature this turn. It doesn't untap during its controller's next two untap steps.	U	U	Legends	79	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Cyclopean Mummy	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"When Cyclopean Mummy dies, exile it."	B	B	Legends	93	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Demonic Torment	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by enchanted creature."	B	B	Legends	95	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Ghosts of the Damned	1BB	3	Creature ? Spirit	{T}: Target creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn.	B	B	Legends	98	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Lesser Werewolf	3B	4	Creature ? Werewolf	"{B}: If Lesser Werewolf's power is 1 or more, it gets -1/-0 until end of turn and put a -0/-1 counter on target creature blocking or blocked by Lesser Werewolf. Activate this ability only during the declare blockers step."	B	B	Legends	110	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Pit Scorpion	2B	3	Creature ? Scorpion	"Whenever Pit Scorpion deals damage to a player, that player gets a poison counter. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	B	B	Legends	114	common	Scott Kirschner		
Spirit Shackle	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, put a -0/-2 counter on it."	B	B	Legends	117	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Blood Lust	1R	2	Instant	"If target creature has toughness 5 or greater, it gets +4/-4 until end of turn. Otherwise, it gets +4/-X until end of turn, where X is its toughness minus 1."	R	R	Legends	135	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Chain Lightning	R	1	Sorcery	"Chain Lightning deals 3 damage to any target. Then that player or that permanent's controller may pay {R}{R}. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy."	R	R	Legends	137	common	Sandra Everingham		
Crimson Kobolds	0	0	Creature ? Kobold		R	R	Legends	139	common	Anson Maddocks		
Crookshank Kobolds	0	0	Creature ? Kobold		R	R	Legends	141	common	Christopher Rush		
Immolation	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-2."	R	R	Legends	153	common	Scott Kirschner		
Kobolds of Kher Keep	0	0	Creature ? Kobold		R	R	Legends	157	common	Julie Baroh		
Mountain Yeti	2RR	4	Creature ? Yeti	"Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)
Protection from white"	R	R	Legends	159	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Fire Sprites	1G	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
{G}, {T}: Add {R}."	G	R	Legends	186	common	Julie Baroh		
Barktooth Warbeard	4BRR	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior		R	R	Legends	221	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Jedit Ojanen	4WWU	7	Legendary Creature ? Cat Warrior		W	W	Legends	234	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Jerrard of the Closed Fist	3RGG	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight		R	R	Legends	235	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Lady Orca	5BR	7	Legendary Creature ? Demon		R	R	Legends	241	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Ramirez DePietro	3UBB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Pirate	First strike	U	U	Legends	251	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Sir Shandlar of Eberyn	4GW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight		W	W	Legends	257	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Sivitri Scarzam	5UB	7	Legendary Creature ? Human		U	U	Legends	258	uncommon	NN Thomas		
The Lady of the Mountain	4RG	6	Legendary Creature ? Giant		R	R	Legends	263	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Tobias Andrion	3WU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor		W	W	Legends	264	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Torsten Von Ursus	3GGW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Legends	266	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Spirit Link	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage, you gain that much life."	W	W	Legends	37	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Tundra Wolves	W	1	Creature ? Wolf	First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	W	W	Legends	40	common	Quinton Hoover		
Azure Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	Flying	U	U	Legends	46	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Flash Counter	1U	2	Instant	Counter target instant spell.	U	U	Legends	56	common	Harold McNeill		
Remove Soul	1U	2	Instant	Counter target creature spell.	U	U	Legends	72	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Darkness	B	1	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	B	B	Legends	94	common	Harold McNeill		
Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore	4B	5	Creature ? Eye	"Non-Eye creatures you control can't attack.
Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore can't be blocked except by Walls."	B	B	Legends	96	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Fallen Angel	3BB	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Sacrifice a creature: Fallen Angel gets +2/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Legends	97	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Hell's Caretaker	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	B	B	Legends	104	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Horror of Horrors	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Sacrifice a Swamp: Regenerate target black creature. (The next time that creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Legends	106	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Underworld Dreams	BBB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent draws a card, Underworld Dreams deals 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Legends	124	uncommon	Julie Baroh		
Vampire Bats	B	1	Creature ? Bat	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{B}: Vampire Bats gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability no more than twice each turn."	B	B	Legends	125	common	Anson Maddocks		
Kobold Taskmaster	1R	2	Creature ? Kobold	Other Kobold creatures you control get +1/+0.	R	R	Legends	156	uncommon	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Avoid Fate	G	1	Instant	Counter target instant or Aura spell that targets a permanent you control.	G	G	Legends	175	common	Phil Foglio		
Craw Giant	3GGGG	7	Creature ? Giant	"Trample
Rampage 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	G	G	Legends	180	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Moss Monster	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental		G	G	Legends	195	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Whirling Dervish	GG	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Protection from black
At the beginning of each end step, if Whirling Dervish dealt damage to an opponent this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Legends	211	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Jasmine Boreal	3GW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human		W	W	Legends	233	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Nicol Bolas	2UUBBRR	8	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Nicol Bolas unless you pay {U}{B}{R}.
Whenever Nicol Bolas deals damage to an opponent, that player discards their hand."	U	U	Legends	246	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Sol'kanar the Swamp King	2UBR	5	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Whenever a player casts a black spell, you gain 1 life."	U	U	Legends	259	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Pendelhaven		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {G}.
{T}: Target 1/1 creature gets +1/+2 until end of turn."		G	Legends	305	uncommon	Bryon Wackwitz		
Recall	XXU	1	Sorcery	"Discard X cards, then return a card from your graveyard to your hand for each card discarded this way. Exile Recall."	U	U	Legends	70	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Combat Medic	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Soldier	{1}{W}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Fallen Empires	1	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Farrel's Mantle	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks and isn't blocked, its controller may have it deal damage equal to its power plus 2 to another target creature. If that player does, the attacking creature assigns no combat damage this turn."	W	W	Fallen Empires	2	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Farrel's Zealot	1WW	3	Creature ? Human	"Whenever Farrel's Zealot attacks and isn't blocked, you may have it deal 3 damage to target creature. If you do, Farrel's Zealot assigns no combat damage this turn."	W	W	Fallen Empires	3	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Farrelite Priest	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}: Add {W}. If this ability has been activated four or more times this turn, sacrifice Farrelite Priest at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Fallen Empires	4	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Hand of Justice	5W	6	Creature ? Avatar	"{T}, Tap three untapped white creatures you control: Destroy target creature."	W	W	Fallen Empires	5	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Heroism	2W	3	Enchantment	"Sacrifice a white creature: For each attacking red creature, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by that creature this turn unless its controller pays {2}{R}."	W	W	Fallen Empires	6	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Icatian Infantry	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{1}: Icatian Infantry gains first strike until end of turn.
{1}: Icatian Infantry gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Fallen Empires	7	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Icatian Javelineers	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Icatian Javelineers enters the battlefield with a javelin counter on it.
{T}, Remove a javelin counter from Icatian Javelineers: It deals 1 damage to any target."	W	W	Fallen Empires	8	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Icatian Lieutenant	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	{1}{W}: Target Soldier creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	W	W	Fallen Empires	9	rare	Pete Venters		
Icatian Moneychanger	W	1	Creature ? Human	"Icatian Moneychanger enters the battlefield with three credit counters on it.
When Icatian Moneychanger enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to you.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a credit counter on Icatian Moneychanger.
Sacrifice Icatian Moneychanger: You gain 1 life for each credit counter on Icatian Moneychanger. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	W	W	Fallen Empires	10	common	Drew Tucker		
Icatian Phalanx	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Fallen Empires	11	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Icatian Priest	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	{1}{W}{W}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Fallen Empires	12	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Icatian Scout	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier Scout	"{1}, {T}: Target creature gains first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Fallen Empires	13	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Icatian Skirmishers	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
Whenever Icatian Skirmishers attacks, all creatures banded with it gain first strike until end of turn."	W	W	Fallen Empires	14	rare	Heather Hudson		
Icatian Town	5W	6	Sorcery	Create four 1/1 white Citizen creature tokens.	W	W	Fallen Empires	15	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Order of Leitbur	WW	2	Creature ? Human Cleric Knight	"Protection from black
{W}: Order of Leitbur gains first strike until end of turn.
{W}{W}: Order of Leitbur gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Fallen Empires	16	common	Bryon Wackwitz		
Deep Spawn	5UUU	8	Creature ? Homarid	"Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Deep Spawn unless you put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.
{U}: Deep Spawn gains shroud until end of turn and doesn't untap during your next untap step. Tap Deep Spawn. (A creature with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Fallen Empires	17	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
High Tide	U	1	Instant	"Until end of turn, whenever a player taps an Island for mana, that player adds an additional {U}."	U	U	Fallen Empires	18	common	Drew Tucker		
Homarid	2U	3	Creature ? Homarid	"Homarid enters the battlefield with a tide counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a tide counter on Homarid.
As long as there is exactly one tide counter on Homarid, it gets -1/-1.
As long as there are exactly three tide counters on Homarid, it gets +1/+1.
Whenever there are four or more tide counters on Homarid, remove all tide counters from it."	U	U	Fallen Empires	19	common	Quinton Hoover		
Homarid Shaman	2UU	4	Creature ? Homarid Shaman	{U}: Tap target green creature.	U	U	Fallen Empires	20	rare	Amy Weber		
Homarid Spawning Bed	UU	2	Enchantment	"{1}{U}{U}, Sacrifice a blue creature: Create X 1/1 blue Camarid creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost."	U	U	Fallen Empires	21	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Homarid Warrior	4U	5	Creature ? Homarid Warrior	{U}: Homarid Warrior gains shroud until end of turn and doesn't untap during your next untap step. Tap Homarid Warrior. (A creature with shroud can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	U	U	Fallen Empires	22	common	Daniel Gelon		
Merseine	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Merseine enters the battlefield with three net counters on it.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step if Merseine has a net counter on it.
Pay enchanted creature's mana cost: Remove a net counter from Merseine. Only the controller of the enchanted creature may activate this ability."	U	U	Fallen Empires	23	common	Heather Hudson		
River Merfolk	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk	{U}: River Merfolk gains mountainwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	U	U	Fallen Empires	24	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Seasinger	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk	"When you control no Islands, sacrifice Seasinger.
You may choose not to untap Seasinger during your untap step.
{T}: Gain control of target creature whose controller controls an Island for as long as you control Seasinger and Seasinger remains tapped."	U	U	Fallen Empires	25	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Svyelunite Priest	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Cleric	"{U}{U}, {T}: Target creature gains shroud until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your upkeep. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Fallen Empires	26	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Tidal Flats	U	1	Enchantment	"{U}{U}: For each attacking creature without flying, its controller may pay {1}. If that player doesn't, creatures you control blocking that creature gain first strike until end of turn."	U	U	Fallen Empires	27	common	Rob Alexander		
Tidal Influence	2U	3	Enchantment	"Cast this spell only if no permanents named Tidal Influence are on the battlefield.
Tidal Influence enters the battlefield with a tide counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a tide counter on Tidal Influence.
As long as there is exactly one tide counter on Tidal Influence, all blue creatures get -2/-0.
As long as there are exactly three tide counters on Tidal Influence, all blue creatures get +2/+0.
Whenever there are four or more tide counters on Tidal Influence, remove all tide counters from it."	U	U	Fallen Empires	28	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Vodalian Knights	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk Knight	"First strike
Vodalian Knights can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Vodalian Knights.
{U}: Vodalian Knights gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Fallen Empires	29	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Vodalian Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Counter target spell unless its controller pays {1}."	U	U	Fallen Empires	30	common	Susan Van Camp		
Vodalian Soldiers	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier		U	U	Fallen Empires	31	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Vodalian War Machine	1UU	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Tap an untapped Merfolk you control: Vodalian War Machine can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender.
Tap an untapped Merfolk you control: Vodalian War Machine gets +2/+1 until end of turn.
When Vodalian War Machine dies, destroy all Merfolk tapped this turn to pay for its abilities."	U	U	Fallen Empires	32	rare	Amy Weber		
Armor Thrull	2B	3	Creature ? Thrull	"{T}, Sacrifice Armor Thrull: Put a +1/+2 counter on target creature."	B	B	Fallen Empires	33	common	Pete Venters		
Basal Thrull	BB	2	Creature ? Thrull	"{T}, Sacrifice Basal Thrull: Add {B}{B}."	B	B	Fallen Empires	34	common	Kaja Foglio		
Breeding Pit	3B	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Breeding Pit unless you pay {B}{B}.
At the beginning of your end step, create a 0/1 black Thrull creature token."	B	B	Fallen Empires	35	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Derelor	3B	4	Creature ? Thrull	Black spells you cast cost {B} more to cast.	B	B	Fallen Empires	36	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Ebon Praetor	4BB	6	Creature ? Avatar Praetor	"First strike, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a -2/-2 counter on Ebon Praetor.
Sacrifice a creature: Remove a -2/-2 counter from Ebon Praetor. If the sacrificed creature was a Thrull, put a +1/+0 counter on Ebon Praetor. Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn."	B	B	Fallen Empires	37	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Hymn to Tourach	BB	2	Sorcery	Target player discards two cards at random.	B	B	Fallen Empires	38	common	Susan Van Camp		
Initiates of the Ebon Hand	B	1	Creature ? Cleric	"{1}: Add {B}. If this ability has been activated four or more times this turn, sacrifice Initiates of the Ebon Hand at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Fallen Empires	39	common	Heather Hudson		
Mindstab Thrull	1BB	3	Creature ? Thrull	"Whenever Mindstab Thrull attacks and isn't blocked, you may sacrifice it. If you do, defending player discards three cards."	B	B	Fallen Empires	40	common	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Necrite	1BB	3	Creature ? Thrull	"Whenever Necrite attacks and isn't blocked, you may sacrifice it. If you do, destroy target creature defending player controls. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Fallen Empires	41	common	Ron Spencer		
Order of the Ebon Hand	BB	2	Creature ? Cleric Knight	"Protection from white
{B}: Order of the Ebon Hand gains first strike until end of turn.
{B}{B}: Order of the Ebon Hand gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Fallen Empires	42	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Soul Exchange	BB	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature you control.
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Put a +2/+2 counter on that creature if the exiled creature was a Thrull."	B	B	Fallen Empires	43	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Thrull Champion	4B	5	Creature ? Thrull	"Thrull creatures get +1/+1.
{T}: Gain control of target Thrull for as long as you control Thrull Champion."	B	B	Fallen Empires	44	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Thrull Retainer	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
Sacrifice Thrull Retainer: Regenerate enchanted creature."	B	B	Fallen Empires	45	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Thrull Wizard	2B	3	Creature ? Thrull Wizard	{1}{B}: Counter target black spell unless that spell's controller pays {B} or {3}.	B	B	Fallen Empires	46	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Tourach's Chant	1BB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Tourach's Chant unless you pay {B}.
Whenever a player puts a Forest onto the battlefield, Tourach's Chant deals 3 damage to that player unless they put a -1/-1 counter on a creature they control."	B	B	Fallen Empires	47	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Tourach's Gate	1BB	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land you control
Sacrifice a Thrull: Put three time counters on Tourach's Gate.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from Tourach's Gate. If there are no time counters on Tourach's Gate, sacrifice it.
Tap enchanted land: Attacking creatures you control get +2/-1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if enchanted land is untapped."	B	B	Fallen Empires	48	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Brassclaw Orcs	2R	3	Creature ? Orc	Brassclaw Orcs can't block creatures with power 2 or greater.	R	R	Fallen Empires	49	common	Rob Alexander		
Dwarven Armorer	R	1	Creature ? Dwarf	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Put a +0/+1 counter or a +1/+0 counter on target creature."	R	R	Fallen Empires	50	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Dwarven Catapult	XR	1	Instant	"Dwarven Catapult deals X damage divided evenly, rounded down, among all creatures target opponent controls."	R	R	Fallen Empires	51	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Dwarven Lieutenant	RR	2	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	{1}{R}: Target Dwarf creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Fallen Empires	52	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Dwarven Soldier	1R	2	Creature ? Dwarf Soldier	"Whenever Dwarven Soldier blocks or becomes blocked by one or more Orcs, Dwarven Soldier gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Fallen Empires	53	common	Rob Alexander		
Goblin Chirurgeon	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	Sacrifice a Goblin: Regenerate target creature.	R	R	Fallen Empires	54	common	Daniel Gelon		
Goblin Flotilla	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
At the beginning of each combat, unless you pay {R}, whenever Goblin Flotilla blocks or becomes blocked by a creature this combat, that creature gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Fallen Empires	55	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Goblin Grenade	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Goblin.
Goblin Grenade deals 5 damage to any target."	R	R	Fallen Empires	56	common	Ron Spencer		
Goblin Kites	1R	2	Enchantment	"{R}: Target creature you control with toughness 2 or less gains flying until end of turn. Flip a coin at the beginning of the next end step. If you lose the flip, sacrifice that creature."	R	R	Fallen Empires	57	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Goblin War Drums	2R	3	Enchantment	Creatures you control have menace. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Fallen Empires	58	common	Dan Frazier		
Goblin Warrens	2R	3	Enchantment	"{2}{R}, Sacrifice two Goblins: Create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Fallen Empires	59	rare	Dan Frazier		
Orcish Captain	R	1	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"{1}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, target Orc creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. If you lose the flip, it gets -0/-2 until end of turn."	R	R	Fallen Empires	60	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Orcish Spy	R	1	Creature ? Orc Rogue	{T}: Look at the top three cards of target player's library.	R	R	Fallen Empires	61	common	Susan Van Camp		
Orcish Veteran	2R	3	Creature ? Orc	"Orcish Veteran can't block white creatures with power 2 or greater.
{R}: Orcish Veteran gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Fallen Empires	62	common	Douglas Shuler		
Orgg	3RR	5	Creature ? Orgg	"Trample
Orgg can't attack if defending player controls an untapped creature with power 3 or greater.
Orgg can't block creatures with power 3 or greater."	R	R	Fallen Empires	63	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Raiding Party	2R	3	Enchantment	"Raiding Party can't be the target of white spells or abilities from white sources.
Sacrifice an Orc: Each player may tap any number of untapped white creatures they control. For each creature tapped this way, that player chooses up to two Plains. Then destroy all Plains that weren't chosen this way by any player."	R	R	Fallen Empires	64	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Elven Fortress	G	1	Enchantment	{1}{G}: Target blocking creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Fallen Empires	65	common	Pete Venters		
Elvish Farmer	1G	2	Creature ? Elf	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Elvish Farmer.
Remove three spore counters from Elvish Farmer: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: You gain 2 life."	G	G	Fallen Empires	66	rare	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Elvish Hunter	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Archer	"{1}{G}, {T}: Target creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	G	G	Fallen Empires	67	common	Mark Poole		
Elvish Scout	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout	"{G}, {T}: Untap target attacking creature you control. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by it this turn."	G	G	Fallen Empires	68	common	Mark Poole		
Feral Thallid	3GGG	6	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Feral Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Feral Thallid: Regenerate Feral Thallid."	G	G	Fallen Empires	69	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Fungal Bloom	GG	2	Enchantment	{G}{G}: Put a spore counter on target Fungus.	G	G	Fallen Empires	70	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Night Soil	GG	2	Enchantment	"{1}, Exile two creature cards from a single graveyard: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Fallen Empires	71	common	Sandra Everingham		
Spore Cloud	1GG	3	Instant	Tap all blocking creatures. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. Each attacking creature and each blocking creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.	G	G	Fallen Empires	72	common	Susan Van Camp		
Spore Flower	GG	2	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Spore Flower.
Remove three spore counters from Spore Flower: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn."	G	G	Fallen Empires	73	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Thallid	G	1	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Thallid: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Fallen Empires	74	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Thallid Devourer	1GG	3	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Thallid Devourer.
Remove three spore counters from Thallid Devourer: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
Sacrifice a Saproling: Thallid Devourer gets +1/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Fallen Empires	75	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Thelon's Chant	1GG	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Thelon's Chant unless you pay {G}.
Whenever a player puts a Swamp onto the battlefield, Thelon's Chant deals 3 damage to that player unless the player puts a -1/-1 counter on a creature they control."	G	G	Fallen Empires	76	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Thelon's Curse	GG	2	Enchantment	"Blue creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may choose any number of tapped blue creatures they control and pay {U} for each creature chosen this way. If the player does, untap those creatures."	G	U	Fallen Empires	77	rare	Pete Venters		
Thelonite Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Druid	"{1}{G}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Forests you control become 2/3 creatures until end of turn. They're still lands."	G	G	Fallen Empires	78	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Thelonite Monk	2GG	4	Creature ? Insect Monk Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice a green creature: Target land becomes a Forest. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	G	G	Fallen Empires	79	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Thorn Thallid	1GG	3	Creature ? Fungus	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on Thorn Thallid.
Remove three spore counters from Thorn Thallid: It deals 1 damage to any target."	G	G	Fallen Empires	80	common	Daniel Gelon		
Aeolipile	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Aeolipile: It deals 2 damage to any target."			Fallen Empires	81	rare	Heather Hudson		
Balm of Restoration	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Balm of Restoration: Choose one ?
? You gain 2 life.
? Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."			Fallen Empires	82	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Conch Horn	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Conch Horn: Draw two cards, then put a card from your hand on top of your library."			Fallen Empires	83	rare	Phil Foglio		
Delif's Cone	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Delif's Cone: This turn, when target creature you control attacks and isn't blocked, you may gain life equal to its power. If you do, it assigns no combat damage this turn."			Fallen Empires	84	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Delif's Cube	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: This turn, when target creature you control attacks and isn't blocked, it assigns no combat damage this turn and you put a cube counter on Delif's Cube.
{2}, Remove a cube counter from Delif's Cube: Regenerate target creature."			Fallen Empires	85	rare	Mark Tedin		
Draconian Cylix	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Discard a card at random: Regenerate target creature."			Fallen Empires	86	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Elven Lyre	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Elven Lyre: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."			Fallen Empires	87	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Implements of Sacrifice	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Implements of Sacrifice: Add two mana of any one color."			Fallen Empires	88	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Ring of Renewal	5	5	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Discard a card at random, then draw two cards."			Fallen Empires	89	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Spirit Shield	3	3	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Spirit Shield during your untap step.
{2}, {T}: Target creature gets +0/+2 for as long as Spirit Shield remains tapped."			Fallen Empires	90	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Zelyon Sword	3	3	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Zelyon Sword during your untap step.
{3}, {T}: Target creature gets +2/+0 for as long as Zelyon Sword remains tapped."			Fallen Empires	91	rare	Scott Kirschner		
Bottomless Vault		0	Land	"Bottomless Vault enters the battlefield tapped.
You may choose not to untap Bottomless Vault during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Bottomless Vault is tapped, put a storage counter on it.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Bottomless Vault: Add {B} for each storage counter removed this way."		B	Fallen Empires	92	rare	Pat Morrissey		
Dwarven Hold		0	Land	"Dwarven Hold enters the battlefield tapped.
You may choose not to untap Dwarven Hold during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Dwarven Hold is tapped, put a storage counter on it.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Dwarven Hold: Add {R} for each storage counter removed this way."		R	Fallen Empires	93	rare	Pat Morrissey		
Dwarven Ruins		0	Land	"Dwarven Ruins enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
{T}, Sacrifice Dwarven Ruins: Add {R}{R}."		R	Fallen Empires	94	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Ebon Stronghold		0	Land	"Ebon Stronghold enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {B}.
{T}, Sacrifice Ebon Stronghold: Add {B}{B}."		B	Fallen Empires	95	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Havenwood Battleground		0	Land	"Havenwood Battleground enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {G}.
{T}, Sacrifice Havenwood Battleground: Add {G}{G}."		G	Fallen Empires	96	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Hollow Trees		0	Land	"Hollow Trees enters the battlefield tapped.
You may choose not to untap Hollow Trees during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Hollow Trees is tapped, put a storage counter on it.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Hollow Trees: Add {G} for each storage counter removed this way."		G	Fallen Empires	97	rare	Pat Morrissey		
Icatian Store		0	Land	"Icatian Store enters the battlefield tapped.
You may choose not to untap Icatian Store during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Icatian Store is tapped, put a storage counter on it.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Icatian Store: Add {W} for each storage counter removed this way."		W	Fallen Empires	98	rare	Pat Morrissey		
Rainbow Vale		0	Land	{T}: Add one mana of any color. An opponent gains control of Rainbow Vale at the beginning of the next end step.			Fallen Empires	99	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Ruins of Trokair		0	Land	"Ruins of Trokair enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {W}.
{T}, Sacrifice Ruins of Trokair: Add {W}{W}."		W	Fallen Empires	100	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Sand Silos		0	Land	"Sand Silos enters the battlefield tapped.
You may choose not to untap Sand Silos during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Sand Silos is tapped, put a storage counter on it.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Sand Silos: Add {U} for each storage counter removed this way."		U	Fallen Empires	101	rare	Pat Morrissey		
Svyelunite Temple		0	Land	"Svyelunite Temple enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {U}.
{T}, Sacrifice Svyelunite Temple: Add {U}{U}."		U	Fallen Empires	102	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Consecrate Land	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has indestructible and can't be enchanted by other Auras."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	4	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Moorish Cavalry	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Trample	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	11	rare	Dameon Willich		
Resurrection	2WW	4	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	12	rare	Dan Frazier		
Squire	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	15	rare	Dennis Detwiller		
Witch Hunter	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: Witch Hunter deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
{1}{W}{W}, {T}: Return target creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand."	W	W	Time Spiral Timeshifted	17	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Dandn	UU	2	Creature ? Fish	"Dandn can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Dandn."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	19	rare	Drew Tucker		
Flying Men	U	1	Creature ? Human	Flying	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	20	rare	Christopher Rush		
Ghost Ship	2UU	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
{U}{U}{U}: Regenerate Ghost Ship."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	21	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Leviathan	5UUUU	9	Creature ? Leviathan	"Trample
Leviathan enters the battlefield tapped and doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice two Islands. If you do, untap Leviathan.
Leviathan can't attack unless you sacrifice two Islands. (This cost is paid as attackers are declared.)"	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	23	rare	Mark Tedin		
Lord of Atlantis	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk	Other Merfolk get +1/+1 and have islandwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	24	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Merfolk Assassin	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Assassin	{T}: Destroy target creature with islandwalk.	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	25	rare	Dennis Detwiller		
Pirate Ship	4U	5	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Pirate Ship can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
{T}: Pirate Ship deals 1 damage to any target.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Pirate Ship."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	28	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Prodigal Sorcerer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Prodigal Sorcerer deals 1 damage to any target.	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	29	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Psionic Blast	2U	3	Instant	Psionic Blast deals 4 damage to any target and 2 damage to you.	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	30	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Sindbad	1U	2	Creature ? Human	"{T}: Draw a card and reveal it. If it isn't a land card, discard it."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	31	rare	Julie Baroh		
Unstable Mutation	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, put a -1/-1 counter on that creature."	U	U	Time Spiral Timeshifted	33	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Bad Moon	1B	2	Enchantment	Black creatures get +1/+1.	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	38	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Uncle Istvan	1BBB	4	Creature ? Human	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Uncle Istvan by creatures.	B	B	Time Spiral Timeshifted	51	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Disintegrate	XR	1	Sorcery	"Disintegrate deals X damage to any target. If it's a creature, it can't be regenerated this turn, and if it would die this turn, exile it instead."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	58	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Dragon Whelp	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Dragon Whelp gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If this ability has been activated four or more times this turn, sacrifice Dragon Whelp at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	59	rare	Amy Weber		
Uthden Troll	2R	3	Creature ? Troll	{R}: Regenerate Uthden Troll.	R	R	Time Spiral Timeshifted	71	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Cockatrice	3GG	5	Creature ? Cockatrice	"Flying
Whenever Cockatrice blocks or becomes blocked by a non-Wall creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	75	rare	Dan Frazier		
Gaea's Liege	3GGG	6	Creature ? Avatar	"As long as Gaea's Liege isn't attacking, its power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control. As long as Gaea's Liege is attacking, its power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests defending player controls.
{T}: Target land becomes a Forest until Gaea's Liege leaves the battlefield."	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	78	rare	Dameon Willich		
Spitting Slug	1GG	3	Creature ? Slug	"Whenever Spitting Slug blocks or becomes blocked, you may pay {1}{G}. If you do, Spitting Slug gains first strike until end of turn. Otherwise, each creature blocking or blocked by Spitting Slug gains first strike until end of turn."	G	G	Time Spiral Timeshifted	85	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Feldon's Cane	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Exile Feldon's Cane: Shuffle your graveyard into your library."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	109	rare	Mark Tedin		
The Rack	1	1	Artifact	"As The Rack enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
At the beginning of the chosen player's upkeep, The Rack deals X damage to that player, where X is 3 minus the number of cards in their hand."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	113	rare	Richard Thomas		
Tormod's Crypt	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Tormod's Crypt: Exile all cards from target player's graveyard."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	115	rare	Christopher Rush		
War Barge	4	4	Artifact	"{3}: Target creature gains islandwalk until end of turn. When War Barge leaves the battlefield this turn, destroy that creature. A creature destroyed this way can't be regenerated. (A creature with islandwalk can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"			Time Spiral Timeshifted	116	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Desert		0	Land ? Desert	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Desert deals 1 damage to target attacking creature. Activate this ability only during the end of combat step."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	118	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Safe Haven		0	Land	"{2}, {T}: Exile target creature you control.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice Safe Haven. If you do, return each card exiled with Safe Haven to the battlefield under its owner's control."			Time Spiral Timeshifted	121	rare	Christopher Rush		
Maze of Ith		0	Land	{T}: Untap target attacking creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn.			The Dark	117	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Millstone	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."			Antiquities	56	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Abu Ja'far	W	1	Creature ? Human	"When Abu Ja'far dies, destroy all creatures blocking or blocked by it. They can't be regenerated."	W	W	Arabian Nights	1	uncommon	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Army of Allah	1WW	3	Instant	Attacking creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.	W	W	Arabian Nights	2	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Camel	W	1	Creature ? Camel	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
As long as Camel is attacking, prevent all damage Deserts would deal to Camel and to creatures banded with Camel."	W	W	Arabian Nights	3	common	Sandra Everingham		
Eye for an Eye	WW	2	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, instead that source deals that much damage to you and Eye for an Eye deals that much damage to that source's controller."	W	W	Arabian Nights	4	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Jihad	WWW	3	Enchantment	"As Jihad enters the battlefield, choose a color and an opponent.
White creatures get +2/+1 as long as the chosen player controls a nontoken permanent of the chosen color.
When the chosen player controls no nontoken permanents of the chosen color, sacrifice Jihad."	W	W	Arabian Nights	5	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
King Suleiman	1W	2	Creature ? Human	{T}: Destroy target Djinn or Efreet.	W	W	Arabian Nights	6	rare	Mark Poole		
Piety	2W	3	Instant	Blocking creatures get +0/+3 until end of turn.	W	W	Arabian Nights	8	common	Mark Poole		
Repentant Blacksmith	1W	2	Creature ? Human	Protection from red	W	W	Arabian Nights	9	rare	Drew Tucker		
War Elephant	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant	"Trample; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Arabian Nights	11	common	Kristen Bishop		
Fishliver Oil	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature has islandwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"	U	U	Arabian Nights	13	common	Anson Maddocks		
Giant Tortoise	1U	2	Creature ? Turtle	Giant Tortoise gets +0/+3 as long as it's untapped.	U	U	Arabian Nights	15	common	Kaja Foglio		
Island Fish Jasconius	4UUU	7	Creature ? Fish	"Island Fish Jasconius doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {U}{U}{U}. If you do, untap Island Fish Jasconius.
Island Fish Jasconius can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Island Fish Jasconius."	U	U	Arabian Nights	16	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Merchant Ship	U	1	Creature ? Human	"Merchant Ship can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
Whenever Merchant Ship attacks and isn't blocked, you gain 2 life.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Merchant Ship."	U	U	Arabian Nights	17	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Old Man of the Sea	1UU	3	Creature ? Djinn	"You may choose not to untap Old Man of the Sea during your untap step.
{T}: Gain control of target creature with power less than or equal to Old Man of the Sea's power for as long as Old Man of the Sea remains tapped and that creature's power remains less than or equal to Old Man of the Sea's power."	U	U	Arabian Nights	18	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Serendib Djinn	2UU	4	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a land. If you sacrifice an Island this way, Serendib Djinn deals 3 damage to you.
When you control no lands, sacrifice Serendib Djinn."	U	U	Arabian Nights	19	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Serendib Efreet	2U	3	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, Serendib Efreet deals 1 damage to you."	U	U	Arabian Nights	20	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Cuombajj Witches	BB	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Cuombajj Witches deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to any target of an opponent's choice.	B	B	Arabian Nights	23	common	Kaja Foglio		
El-Hajjj	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever El-Hajjj deals damage, you gain that much life."	B	B	Arabian Nights	24	rare	Dameon Willich		
Erg Raiders	1B	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"At the beginning of your end step, if Erg Raiders didn't attack this turn, Erg Raiders deals 2 damage to you unless it came under your control this turn."	B	B	Arabian Nights	25	common	Dameon Willich		
Guardian Beast	3B	4	Creature ? Beast	"As long as Guardian Beast is untapped, noncreature artifacts you control can't be enchanted, they have indestructible, and other players can't gain control of them. This effect doesn't remove Auras already attached to those artifacts."	B	B	Arabian Nights	26	rare	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Hasran Ogress	BB	2	Creature ? Ogre	"Whenever Hasran Ogress attacks, it deals 3 damage to you unless you pay {2}."	B	B	Arabian Nights	27	common	Dan Frazier		
Junn Efreet	1BB	3	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Junn Efreet unless you pay {B}{B}."	B	B	Arabian Nights	28	rare	Christopher Rush		
Juzm Djinn	2BB	4	Creature ? Djinn	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Juzm Djinn deals 1 damage to you."	B	B	Arabian Nights	29	rare	Mark Tedin		
Khabl Ghoul	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of each end step, put a +1/+1 counter on Khabl Ghoul for each creature that died this turn."	B	B	Arabian Nights	30	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Oubliette	1BB	3	Enchantment	"When Oubliette enters the battlefield, exile target creature and all Auras attached to it. Note the number and kind of counters that were on that creature.
When Oubliette leaves the battlefield, return that exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control tapped with the noted number and kind of counters on it. If you do, return the other exiled cards to the battlefield under their owner's control attached to that permanent."	B	B	Arabian Nights	31	common	Douglas Shuler		
Sorceress Queen	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{T}: Target creature other than Sorceress Queen has base power and toughness 0/2 until end of turn.	B	B	Arabian Nights	32	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Stone-Throwing Devils	B	1	Creature ? Devil	First strike	B	B	Arabian Nights	33	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Aladdin	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{1}{R}{R}, {T}: Gain control of target artifact for as long as you control Aladdin."	R	R	Arabian Nights	34	rare	Julie Baroh		
Ali Baba	R	1	Creature ? Human Rogue	{R}: Tap target Wall.	R	R	Arabian Nights	35	uncommon	Julie Baroh		
Ali from Cairo	2RR	4	Creature ? Human	Damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.	R	R	Arabian Nights	36	rare	Mark Poole		
Bird Maiden	2R	3	Creature ? Human Bird	Flying	R	R	Arabian Nights	37	common	Kaja Foglio		
Desert Nomads	2R	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	"Desertwalk
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Desert Nomads by Deserts."	R	R	Arabian Nights	38	common	Christopher Rush		
Hurr Jackal	R	1	Creature ? Jackal	{T}: Target creature can't be regenerated this turn.	R	R	Arabian Nights	39	common	Drew Tucker		
Kird Ape	R	1	Creature ? Ape	Kird Ape gets +1/+2 as long as you control a Forest.	R	R	Arabian Nights	40	common	"Ken Meyer, Jr."		
Magnetic Mountain	1RR	3	Enchantment	"Blue creatures don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player may choose any number of tapped blue creatures they control and pay {4} for each creature chosen this way. If the player does, untap those creatures."	R	R	Arabian Nights	41	uncommon	Susan Van Camp		
Mijae Djinn	RRR	3	Creature ? Djinn	"Whenever Mijae Djinn attacks, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, remove Mijae Djinn from combat and tap it."	R	R	Arabian Nights	42	rare	Susan Van Camp		
Rukh Egg	3R	4	Creature ? Bird Egg	"When Rukh Egg dies, create a 4/4 red Bird creature token with flying at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Arabian Nights	43	common	Christopher Rush		
Ydwen Efreet	RRR	3	Creature ? Efreet	"Whenever Ydwen Efreet blocks, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, remove Ydwen Efreet from combat and it can't block this turn. Creatures it was blocking that had become blocked by only Ydwen Efreet this combat become unblocked."	R	R	Arabian Nights	44	rare	Drew Tucker		
Cyclone	2GG	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a wind counter on Cyclone, then sacrifice Cyclone unless you pay {G} for each wind counter on it. If you pay, Cyclone deals damage equal to the number of wind counters on it to each creature and each player."	G	G	Arabian Nights	45	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Drop of Honey	G	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy the creature with the least power. It can't be regenerated. If two or more creatures are tied for least power, you choose one of them.
When there are no creatures on the battlefield, sacrifice Drop of Honey."	G	G	Arabian Nights	47	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Ghazbn Ogre	G	1	Creature ? Ogre	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if a player has more life than each other player, the player with the most life gains control of Ghazbn Ogre."	G	G	Arabian Nights	49	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Ifh-Bff Efreet	2GG	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying
{G}: Ifh-Bff Efreet deals 1 damage to each creature with flying and each player. Any player may activate this ability."	G	G	Arabian Nights	50	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Metamorphosis	G	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Add X mana of any one color, where X is 1 plus the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells."	G	G	Arabian Nights	51	common	Christopher Rush		
Nafs Asp	G	1	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Nafs Asp deals damage to a player, that player loses 1 life at the beginning of their next draw step unless they pay {1} before that draw step."	G	G	Arabian Nights	52	common	Christopher Rush		
Singing Tree	3G	4	Creature ? Plant	{T}: Target attacking creature has base power 0 until end of turn.	G	G	Arabian Nights	54	rare	Rob Alexander		
Wyluli Wolf	1G	2	Creature ? Wolf	{T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	G	G	Arabian Nights	55	common	Susan Van Camp		
Aladdin's Lamp	10	10	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: The next time you would draw a card this turn, instead look at the top X cards of your library, put all but one of them on the bottom of your library in a random order, then draw a card. X can't be 0."			Arabian Nights	56	rare	Mark Tedin		
Aladdin's Ring	8	8	Artifact	"{8}, {T}: Aladdin's Ring deals 4 damage to any target."			Arabian Nights	57	rare	Dan Frazier		
Bottle of Suleiman	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice Bottle of Suleiman: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, create a 5/5 colorless Djinn artifact creature token with flying. If you lose the flip, Bottle of Suleiman deals 5 damage to you."			Arabian Nights	58	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Brass Man	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Brass Man doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {1}. If you do, untap Brass Man."			Arabian Nights	59	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
City in a Bottle	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever another nontoken permanent with a name originally printed in the Arabian Nights expansion is on the battlefield, its controller sacrifices it.
Players can't cast spells or play lands with a name originally printed in the Arabian Nights expansion."			Arabian Nights	60	rare	Drew Tucker		
Dancing Scimitar	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Spirit	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)			Arabian Nights	61	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Ebony Horse	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Untap target attacking creature you control. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn."			Arabian Nights	62	rare	Dameon Willich		
Flying Carpet	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."			Arabian Nights	63	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Jandor's Ring	6	6	Artifact	"{2}, {T}, Discard the last card you drew this turn: Draw a card."			Arabian Nights	64	rare	Dan Frazier		
Jandor's Saddlebags	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Untap target creature."			Arabian Nights	65	rare	Dameon Willich		
Pyramids	6	6	Artifact	"{2}: Choose one ?
? Destroy target Aura attached to a land.
? The next time target land would be destroyed this turn, remove all damage marked on it instead."			Arabian Nights	67	rare	Amy Weber		
Ring of Ma'rf	5	5	Artifact	"{5}, {T}, Exile Ring of Ma'rf: The next time you would draw a card this turn, instead choose a card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand."			Arabian Nights	68	rare	Dan Frazier		
Sandals of Abdallah	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target creature gains islandwalk until end of turn. When that creature dies this turn, destroy Sandals of Abdallah. (A creature with islandwalk can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"			Arabian Nights	69	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
City of Brass		0	Land	"Whenever City of Brass becomes tapped, it deals 1 damage to you.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Arabian Nights	71	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Diamond Valley		0	Land	"{T}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness."			Arabian Nights	73	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Elephant Graveyard		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Regenerate target Elephant."			Arabian Nights	74	rare	Rob Alexander		
Island of Wak-Wak		0	Land	{T}: Target creature with flying has base power 0 until end of turn.			Arabian Nights	75	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Oasis		0	Land	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.			Arabian Nights	78	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Argivian Archaeologist	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"{W}{W}, {T}: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Antiquities	1	rare	Amy Weber		
Argivian Blacksmith	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	{T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to target artifact creature this turn.	W	W	Antiquities	2	common	Kerstin Kaman		
Artifact Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked by artifact creatures.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature by artifact sources.
Enchanted creature can't be the target of abilities from artifact sources."	W	W	Antiquities	3	common	Douglas Shuler		
Damping Field	2W	3	Enchantment	Players can't untap more than one artifact during their untap steps.	W	W	Antiquities	5	uncommon	Justin Hampton		
Martyrs of Korlis	3WW	5	Creature ? Human	"As long as Martyrs of Korlis is untapped, all damage that would be dealt to you by artifacts is dealt to Martyrs of Korlis instead."	W	W	Antiquities	6	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Reverse Polarity	WW	2	Instant	"You gain X life, where X is twice the damage dealt to you so far this turn by artifacts."	W	W	Antiquities	7	common	Justin Hampton		
Drafna's Restoration	U	1	Sorcery	Put any number of target artifact cards from target player's graveyard on top of their library in any order.	U	U	Antiquities	8	common	Amy Weber		
Hurkyl's Recall	1U	2	Instant	Return all artifacts target player owns to their hand.	U	U	Antiquities	10	rare	NN Thomas		
Power Artifact	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact's activated abilities cost {2} less to activate. This effect can't reduce the amount of mana an ability costs to activate to less than one mana."	U	U	Antiquities	11	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Reconstruction	U	1	Sorcery	Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	U	U	Antiquities	12	common	Anson Maddocks		
Transmute Artifact	UU	2	Sorcery	"Sacrifice an artifact. If you do, search your library for an artifact card. If that card's converted mana cost is less than or equal to the sacrificed artifact's converted mana cost, put it onto the battlefield. If it's greater, you may pay {X}, where X is the difference. If you do, put it onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Antiquities	14	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Artifact Possession	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Whenever enchanted artifact becomes tapped or a player activates an ability of enchanted artifact without {T} in its activation cost, Artifact Possession deals 2 damage to that artifact's controller."	B	B	Antiquities	15	common	Christopher Rush		
Gate to Phyrexia	BB	2	Enchantment	Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target artifact. Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.	B	B	Antiquities	16	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Haunting Wind	3B	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an artifact becomes tapped or a player activates an artifact's ability without {T} in its activation cost, Haunting Wind deals 1 damage to that artifact's controller."	B	B	Antiquities	17	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Phyrexian Gremlins	2B	3	Creature ? Gremlin	"You may choose not to untap Phyrexian Gremlins during your untap step.
{T}: Tap target artifact. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as Phyrexian Gremlins remains tapped."	B	B	Antiquities	18	common	Amy Weber		
Priest of Yawgmoth	1B	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Add an amount of {B} equal to the sacrificed artifact's converted mana cost."	B	B	Antiquities	19	common	Mark Tedin		
Xenic Poltergeist	1BB	3	Creature ? Spirit	"{T}: Until your next upkeep, target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost."	B	B	Antiquities	20	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Yawgmoth Demon	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you don't, tap Yawgmoth Demon and it deals 2 damage to you."	B	B	Antiquities	21	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Artifact Blast	R	1	Instant	Counter target artifact spell.	R	R	Antiquities	22	common	Mark Poole		
Dwarven Weaponsmith	1R	2	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	R	R	Antiquities	25	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Goblin Artisans	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"{T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, draw a card. If you lose the flip, counter target artifact spell you control that isn't the target of an ability from another creature named Goblin Artisans."	R	R	Antiquities	26	uncommon	Julie Baroh		
Orcish Mechanics	2R	3	Creature ? Orc	"{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Orcish Mechanics deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Antiquities	27	common	Pete Venters		
Shatterstorm	2RR	4	Sorcery	Destroy all artifacts. They can't be regenerated.	R	R	Antiquities	28	rare	Mark Poole		
Argothian Pixies	1G	2	Creature ? Faerie	"Argothian Pixies can't be blocked by artifact creatures.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Argothian Pixies by artifact creatures."	G	G	Antiquities	29	common	Amy Weber		
Argothian Treefolk	3GG	5	Creature ? Treefolk	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Argothian Treefolk by artifact sources.	G	G	Antiquities	30	common	Amy Weber		
Citanul Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever an opponent casts an artifact spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Citanul Druid."	G	G	Antiquities	31	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Crumble	G	1	Instant	Destroy target artifact. It can't be regenerated. That artifact's controller gains life equal to its converted mana cost.	G	G	Antiquities	32	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Gaea's Avenger	1GG	3	Creature ? Treefolk	Gaea's Avenger's power and toughness are each equal to 1 plus the number of artifacts your opponents control.	G	G	Antiquities	33	rare	Pete Venters		
Powerleech	GG	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an artifact an opponent controls becomes tapped or an opponent activates an artifact's ability without {T} in its activation cost, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Antiquities	34	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Titania's Song	3G	4	Enchantment	"Each noncreature artifact loses all abilities and becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost. If Titania's Song leaves the battlefield, this effect continues until end of turn."	G	G	Antiquities	35	uncommon	Kerstin Kaman		
Amulet of Kroog	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."			Antiquities	36	common	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Armageddon Clock	6	6	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a doom counter on Armageddon Clock.
At the beginning of your draw step, Armageddon Clock deals damage equal to the number of doom counters on it to each player.
{4}: Remove a doom counter from Armageddon Clock. Any player may activate this ability but only during any upkeep step."			Antiquities	37	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Ashnod's Altar	3	3	Artifact	Sacrifice a creature: Add {C}{C}.			Antiquities	38	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Ashnod's Battle Gear	2	2	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Ashnod's Battle Gear during your untap step.
{2}, {T}: Target creature you control gets +2/-2 for as long as Ashnod's Battle Gear remains tapped."			Antiquities	39	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Ashnod's Transmogrant	1	1	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Ashnod's Transmogrant: Put a +1/+1 counter on target nonartifact creature. That creature becomes an artifact in addition to its other types."			Antiquities	40	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Battering Ram	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, Battering Ram gains banding until end of combat. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's blocking.)
Whenever Battering Ram becomes blocked by a Wall, destroy that Wall at end of combat."			Antiquities	41	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Candelabra of Tawnos	1	1	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Untap X target lands."			Antiquities	43	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Clay Statue	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	{2}: Regenerate Clay Statue.			Antiquities	44	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Clockwork Avian	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Clockwork Avian enters the battlefield with four +1/+0 counters on it.
At end of combat, if Clockwork Avian attacked or blocked this combat, remove a +1/+0 counter from it.
{X}, {T}: Put up to X +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Avian. This ability can't cause the total number of +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Avian to be greater than four. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Antiquities	45	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Colossus of Sardia	9	9	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Colossus of Sardia doesn't untap during your untap step.
{9}: Untap Colossus of Sardia. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Antiquities	46	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Coral Helm	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, Discard a card at random: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."			Antiquities	47	rare	Amy Weber		
Cursed Rack	4	4	Artifact	"As Cursed Rack enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
The chosen player's maximum hand size is four."			Antiquities	48	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Dragon Engine	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{2}: Dragon Engine gets +1/+0 until end of turn.			Antiquities	49	common	Anson Maddocks		
Golgothian Sylex	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Each nontoken permanent with a name originally printed in the Antiquities expansion is sacrificed by its controller."			Antiquities	51	rare	Kerstin Kaman		
Grapeshot Catapult	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: Grapeshot Catapult deals 1 damage to target creature with flying.			Antiquities	52	common	Dan Frazier		
Ivory Tower	1	1	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain X life, where X is the number of cards in your hand minus 4."			Antiquities	53	uncommon	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Jalum Tome	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."			Antiquities	54	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Mightstone	4	4	Artifact	Attacking creatures get +1/+0.			Antiquities	55	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Mishra's War Machine	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, Mishra's War Machine deals 3 damage to you unless you discard a card. If Mishra's War Machine deals damage to you this way, tap it."			Antiquities	57	rare	Amy Weber		
Obelisk of Undoing	1	1	Artifact	"{6}, {T}: Return target permanent you both own and control to your hand."			Antiquities	58	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Onulet	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Onulet dies, you gain 2 life."			Antiquities	59	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Primal Clay	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As Primal Clay enters the battlefield, it becomes your choice of a 3/3 artifact creature, a 2/2 artifact creature with flying, or a 1/6 Wall artifact creature with defender in addition to its other types. (A creature with defender can't attack.)"			Antiquities	61	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Rakalite	6	6	Artifact	{2}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. Return Rakalite to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.			Antiquities	62	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Rocket Launcher	4	4	Artifact	{2}: Rocket Launcher deals 1 damage to any target. Destroy Rocket Launcher at the beginning of the next end step. Activate this ability only if you've controlled Rocket Launcher continuously since the beginning of your most recent turn.			Antiquities	63	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Shapeshifter	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"As Shapeshifter enters the battlefield, choose a number between 0 and 7.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may choose a number between 0 and 7.
Shapeshifter's power is equal to the last chosen number and its toughness is equal to 7 minus that number."			Antiquities	64	rare	Dan Frazier		
Staff of Zegon	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn."			Antiquities	65	common	Mark Poole		
Su-Chi	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Su-Chi dies, add {C}{C}{C}{C}."			Antiquities	66	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Tablet of Epityr	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever an artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Antiquities	67	common	Christopher Rush		
Tawnos's Coffin	4	4	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Tawnos's Coffin during your untap step.
{3}, {T}: Exile target creature and all Auras attached to it. Note the number and kind of counters that were on that creature. When Tawnos's Coffin leaves the battlefield or becomes untapped, return that exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control tapped with the noted number and kind of counters on it. If you do, return the other exiled cards to the battlefield under their owner's control attached to that permanent."			Antiquities	68	rare	Christopher Rush		
Tawnos's Wand	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn."			Antiquities	69	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Tawnos's Weaponry	2	2	Artifact	"You may choose not to untap Tawnos's Weaponry during your untap step.
{2}, {T}: Target creature gets +1/+1 for as long as Tawnos's Weaponry remains tapped."			Antiquities	70	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Tetravus	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Flying
Tetravus enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may remove any number of +1/+1 counters from Tetravus. If you do, create that many 1/1 colorless Tetravite artifact creature tokens. They each have flying and ""This creature can't be enchanted.""
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile any number of tokens created with Tetravus. If you do, put that many +1/+1 counters on Tetravus."			Antiquities	71	rare	Mark Tedin		
Urza's Avenger	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{0}: Urza's Avenger gets -1/-1 and gains your choice of banding, flying, first strike, or trample until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Antiquities	74	rare	Amy Weber		
Urza's Chalice	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts an artifact spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Antiquities	75	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Urza's Miter	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever an artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, if it wasn't sacrificed, you may pay {3}. If you do, draw a card."			Antiquities	76	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Wall of Spears	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
First strike"			Antiquities	77	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Weakstone	4	4	Artifact	Attacking creatures get -1/-0.			Antiquities	78	uncommon	Justin Hampton		
Mishra's Factory		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}: Mishra's Factory becomes a 2/2 Assembly-Worker artifact creature until end of turn. It's still a land.
{T}: Target Assembly-Worker creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."			Antiquities	80	uncommon	Kaja Foglio & Phil Foglio	8	2
Urza's Mine		0	Land ? Urza?s Mine	"{T}: Add {C}. If you control an Urza's Power-Plant and an Urza's Tower, add {C}{C} instead."			Antiquities	83	uncommon	Anson Maddocks	8	
Urza's Power Plant		0	Land ? Urza?s Power-Plant	"{T}: Add {C}. If you control an Urza's Mine and an Urza's Tower, add {C}{C} instead."			Antiquities	84	common	Mark Tedin		
Urza's Tower		0	Land ? Urza?s Tower	"{T}: Add {C}. If you control an Urza's Mine and an Urza's Power-Plant, add {C}{C}{C} instead."			Antiquities	85	common	Mark Poole		
Angry Mob	2WW	4	Creature ? Human	"Trample
As long as it's your turn, Angry Mob's power and toughness are each equal to 2 plus the number of Swamps your opponents control. As long as it's not your turn, Angry Mob's power and toughness are each 2."	W	W	The Dark	1	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Blood of the Martyr	WWW	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, if damage would be dealt to any creature, you may have that damage dealt to you instead."	W	W	The Dark	2	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Brainwash	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack unless its controller pays {3}."	W	W	The Dark	3	common	Pete Venters		
Cleansing	WWW	3	Sorcery	"For each land, destroy that land unless any player pays 1 life."	W	W	The Dark	4	rare	Pete Venters		
Dust to Dust	1WW	3	Sorcery	Exile two target artifacts.	W	W	The Dark	5	common	Drew Tucker		
Exorcist	WW	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{W}, {T}: Destroy target black creature."	W	W	The Dark	6	rare	Drew Tucker		
Fasting	W	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a hunger counter on Fasting. Then destroy Fasting if it has five or more hunger counters on it.
If you would begin your draw step, you may skip that step instead. If you do, you gain 2 life.
When you draw a card, destroy Fasting."	W	W	The Dark	7	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Festival	W	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during an opponent's upkeep.
Creatures can't attack this turn."	W	W	The Dark	8	common	Mark Poole		
Fire and Brimstone	3WW	5	Instant	Fire and Brimstone deals 4 damage to target player who attacked this turn and 4 damage to you.	W	W	The Dark	9	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Holy Light	2W	3	Instant	Nonwhite creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.	W	W	The Dark	10	common	Drew Tucker		
Knights of Thorn	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from red; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	The Dark	11	rare	Christopher Rush		
Martyr's Cry	WW	2	Sorcery	"Exile all white creatures. For each creature exiled this way, its controller draws a card."	W	W	The Dark	12	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Miracle Worker	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Destroy target Aura attached to a creature you control.	W	W	The Dark	13	common	Ron Spencer		
Morale	1WW	3	Instant	Attacking creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	The Dark	14	common	Mark Poole		
Pikemen	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	The Dark	15	common	Dennis Detwiller		
Preacher	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"You may choose not to untap Preacher during your untap step.
{T}: For as long as Preacher remains tapped, gain control of target creature of an opponent's choice they control."	W	W	The Dark	16	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Tivadar's Crusade	1WW	3	Sorcery	Destroy all Goblins.	W	W	The Dark	18	uncommon	Dennis Detwiller		
Amnesia	3UUU	6	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand and discards all nonland cards.	U	U	The Dark	20	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Apprentice Wizard	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Add {C}{C}{C}."	U	U	The Dark	21	rare	Dan Frazier		
Dance of Many	UU	2	Enchantment	"When Dance of Many enters the battlefield, create a token that's a copy of target nontoken creature.
When Dance of Many leaves the battlefield, exile the token.
When the token leaves the battlefield, sacrifice Dance of Many.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Dance of Many unless you pay {U}{U}."	U	U	The Dark	22	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Deep Water	UU	2	Enchantment	"{U}: Until end of turn, if you tap a land you control for mana, it produces {U} instead of any other type."	U	U	The Dark	23	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Drowned	1U	2	Creature ? Zombie	{B}: Regenerate Drowned.	U	U	The Dark	24	common	Quinton Hoover		
Electric Eel	U	1	Creature ? Fish	"When Electric Eel enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to you.
{R}{R}: Electric Eel gets +2/+0 until end of turn and deals 1 damage to you."	U	U	The Dark	25	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Erosion	UUU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted land's controller, destroy that land unless that player pays {1} or 1 life."	U	U	The Dark	26	common	Pete Venters		
Flood	U	1	Enchantment	{U}{U}: Tap target creature without flying.	U	U	The Dark	27	uncommon	Dennis Detwiller		
Giant Shark	5U	6	Creature ? Fish	"Giant Shark can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
Whenever Giant Shark blocks or becomes blocked by a creature that has been dealt damage this turn, Giant Shark gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Giant Shark."	U	U	The Dark	29	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Mana Vortex	1UU	3	Enchantment	"When you cast this spell, counter it unless you sacrifice a land.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices a land.
When there are no lands on the battlefield, sacrifice Mana Vortex."	U	U	The Dark	31	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Mind Bomb	U	1	Sorcery	Each player may discard up to three cards. Mind Bomb deals damage to each player equal to 3 minus the number of cards they discarded this way.	U	U	The Dark	33	rare	Mark Tedin		
Psychic Allergy	3UU	5	Enchantment	"As Psychic Allergy enters the battlefield, choose a color.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Psychic Allergy deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of nontoken permanents of the chosen color they control.
At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy Psychic Allergy unless you sacrifice two Islands."	U	U	The Dark	34	rare	Mark Tedin		
Riptide	U	1	Instant	Tap all blue creatures.	U	U	The Dark	35	common	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Sunken City	UU	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Sunken City unless you pay {U}{U}.
Blue creatures get +1/+1."	U	U	The Dark	36	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Tangle Kelp	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Tangle Kelp enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step if it attacked during its controller's last turn."	U	U	The Dark	37	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Water Wurm	U	1	Creature ? Wurm	Water Wurm gets +0/+1 as long as an opponent controls an Island.	U	U	The Dark	38	common	Ron Spencer		
Ashes to Ashes	1BB	3	Sorcery	Exile two target nonartifact creatures. Ashes to Ashes deals 5 damage to you.	B	B	The Dark	39	common	Drew Tucker		
Banshee	2BB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"{X}, {T}: Banshee deals half X damage, rounded down, to any target, and half X damage, rounded up, to you."	B	B	The Dark	40	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Bog Imp	1B	2	Creature ? Imp	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	B	B	The Dark	41	common	Ron Spencer		
Bog Rats	B	1	Creature ? Rat	Bog Rats can't be blocked by Walls.	B	B	The Dark	42	common	Ron Spencer		
Curse Artifact	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted artifact's controller, Curse Artifact deals 2 damage to that player unless they sacrifice that artifact."	B	B	The Dark	43	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Eater of the Dead	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	"{0}: If Eater of the Dead is tapped, exile target creature card from a graveyard and untap Eater of the Dead."	B	B	The Dark	44	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Frankenstein's Monster	XBB	2	Creature ? Zombie	"As Frankenstein's Monster enters the battlefield, exile X creature cards from your graveyard. If you can't, put Frankenstein's Monster into its owner's graveyard instead of onto the battlefield. For each creature card exiled this way, Frankenstein's Monster enters the battlefield with a +2/+0, +1/+1, or +0/+2 counter on it."	B	B	The Dark	45	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Grave Robbers	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{B}, {T}: Exile target artifact card from a graveyard. You gain 2 life."	B	B	The Dark	46	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Inquisition	2B	3	Sorcery	Target player reveals their hand. Inquisition deals damage to that player equal to the number of white cards in their hand.	B	B	The Dark	47	common	Anson Maddocks		
Marsh Gas	B	1	Instant	All creatures get -2/-0 until end of turn.	B	B	The Dark	48	common	Douglas Shuler		
Murk Dwellers	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Whenever Murk Dwellers attacks and isn't blocked, it gets +2/+0 until end of combat."	B	B	The Dark	49	common	Drew Tucker		
Nameless Race	3B	4	Creature	"Trample
As Nameless Race enters the battlefield, pay any amount of life. The amount you pay can't be more than the total number of white nontoken permanents your opponents control plus the total number of white cards in their graveyards.
Nameless Race's power and toughness are each equal to the life paid as it entered the battlefield."	B	B	The Dark	50	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Rag Man	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Minion	"{B}{B}{B}, {T}: Target opponent reveals their hand and discards a creature card at random. Activate this ability only during your turn."	B	B	The Dark	51	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Season of the Witch	BBB	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Season of the Witch unless you pay 2 life.
At the beginning of the end step, destroy all untapped creatures that didn't attack this turn, except for creatures that couldn't attack."	B	B	The Dark	52	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
The Fallen	1BBB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of your upkeep, The Fallen deals 1 damage to each opponent and planeswalker it has dealt damage to this game."	B	B	The Dark	53	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Word of Binding	XBB	2	Sorcery	Tap X target creatures.	B	B	The Dark	55	common	Ron Spencer		
Worms of the Earth	2BBB	5	Enchantment	"Players can't play lands.
Lands can't enter the battlefield.
At the beginning of each upkeep, any player may sacrifice two lands or have Worms of the Earth deal 5 damage to that player. If a player does either, destroy Worms of the Earth."	B	B	The Dark	56	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Ball Lightning	RRR	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Ball Lightning."	R	R	The Dark	57	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Blood Moon	2R	3	Enchantment	Nonbasic lands are Mountains.	R	R	The Dark	58	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Brothers of Fire	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	{1}{R}{R}: Brothers of Fire deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to you.	R	R	The Dark	59	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Cave People	1RR	3	Creature ? Human	"Whenever Cave People attacks, it gets +1/-2 until end of turn.
{1}{R}{R}, {T}: Target creature gains mountainwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)"	R	R	The Dark	60	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Eternal Flame	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Eternal Flame deals X damage to target opponent or planeswalker and half X damage, rounded up, to you, where X is the number of Mountains you control."	R	R	The Dark	61	rare	Mark Poole		
Fire Drake	1RR	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
{R}: Fire Drake gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn."	R	R	The Dark	62	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Fissure	3RR	5	Instant	Destroy target creature or land. It can't be regenerated.	R	R	The Dark	63	common	Douglas Shuler		
Goblin Caves	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
As long as enchanted land is a basic Mountain, Goblin creatures get +0/+2."	R	R	The Dark	64	common	Drew Tucker		
Goblin Digging Team	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"{T}, Sacrifice Goblin Digging Team: Destroy target Wall."	R	R	The Dark	65	common	Ron Spencer		
Goblin Hero	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin		R	R	The Dark	66	common	Mark Tedin		
Goblin Rock Sled	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Trample
Goblin Rock Sled doesn't untap during your untap step if it attacked during your last turn.
Goblin Rock Sled can't attack unless defending player controls a Mountain."	R	R	The Dark	67	common	Dennis Detwiller		
Goblin Shrine	1RR	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
As long as enchanted land is a basic Mountain, Goblin creatures get +1/+0.
When Goblin Shrine leaves the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each Goblin creature."	R	R	The Dark	68	common	Ron Spencer		
Goblin Wizard	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin Wizard	"{T}: You may put a Goblin permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield.
{R}: Target Goblin gains protection from white until end of turn."	R	R	The Dark	69	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Goblins of the Flarg	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)
When you control a Dwarf, sacrifice Goblins of the Flarg."	R	R	The Dark	70	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Inferno	5RR	7	Instant	Inferno deals 6 damage to each creature and each player.	R	R	The Dark	71	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Mana Clash	R	1	Sorcery	You and target opponent each flip a coin. Mana Clash deals 1 damage to each player whose coin comes up tails. Repeat this process until both players' coins come up heads on the same flip.	R	R	The Dark	72	rare	Mark Tedin		
Orc General	2R	3	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"{T}, Sacrifice another Orc or Goblin: Other Orc creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	The Dark	73	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Sisters of the Flame	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	{T}: Add {R}.	R	R	The Dark	74	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Carnivorous Plant	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Wall	Defender	G	G	The Dark	75	common	Quinton Hoover		
Gaea's Touch	GG	2	Enchantment	"{0}: You may put a basic Forest card from your hand onto the battlefield. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery and only once each turn.
Sacrifice Gaea's Touch: Add {G}{G}."	G	G	The Dark	77	common	Mark Poole		
Hidden Path	2GGGG	6	Enchantment	Green creatures have forestwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	The Dark	78	rare	Rob Alexander		
Land Leeches	1GG	3	Creature ? Leech	First strike	G	G	The Dark	79	common	Quinton Hoover		
Lurker	2G	3	Creature ? Beast	Lurker can't be the target of spells unless it attacked or blocked this turn.	G	G	The Dark	80	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Marsh Viper	3G	4	Creature ? Snake	"Whenever Marsh Viper deals damage to a player, that player gets two poison counters. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)"	G	G	The Dark	81	common	Ron Spencer		
Niall Silvain	GGG	3	Creature ? Ouphe	"{G}{G}{G}{G}, {T}: Regenerate target creature."	G	G	The Dark	82	rare	Christopher Rush		
People of the Woods	GG	2	Creature ? Human	People of the Woods's toughness is equal to the number of Forests you control.	G	G	The Dark	83	uncommon	Drew Tucker		
Savaen Elves	G	1	Creature ? Elf	"{G}{G}, {T}: Destroy target Aura attached to a land."	G	G	The Dark	84	common	Ron Spencer		
Scarwood Bandits	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
{2}{G}, {T}: Unless an opponent pays {2}, gain control of target artifact for as long as Scarwood Bandits remains on the battlefield."	G	G	The Dark	85	rare	Mark Poole		
Scarwood Hag	1G	2	Creature ? Hag	"{G}{G}{G}{G}, {T}: Target creature gains forestwalk until end of turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
{T}: Target creature loses forestwalk until end of turn."	G	G	The Dark	86	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Scavenger Folk	G	1	Creature ? Human	"{G}, {T}, Sacrifice Scavenger Folk: Destroy target artifact."	G	G	The Dark	87	common	Dennis Detwiller		
Tracker	2G	3	Creature ? Human	"{G}{G}, {T}: Tracker deals damage equal to its power to target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Tracker."	G	G	The Dark	89	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Venom	1GG	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature blocks or becomes blocked by a non-Wall creature, destroy the other creature at end of combat."	G	G	The Dark	90	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Whippoorwill	G	1	Creature ? Bird	"{G}{G}, {T}: Target creature can't be regenerated this turn. Damage that would be dealt to that creature this turn can't be prevented or dealt instead to another permanent or player. When the creature dies this turn, exile the creature."	G	G	The Dark	91	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Wormwood Treefolk	3GG	5	Creature ? Treefolk	"{G}{G}: Wormwood Treefolk gains forestwalk until end of turn and deals 2 damage to you. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)
{B}{B}: Wormwood Treefolk gains swampwalk until end of turn and deals 2 damage to you. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)"	G	G	The Dark	92	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Marsh Goblins	BR	2	Creature ? Goblin	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	R	R	The Dark	93	common	Quinton Hoover		
Scarwood Goblins	RG	2	Creature ? Goblin		R	R	The Dark	94	common	Ron Spencer		
Barl's Cage	4	4	Artifact	{3}: Target creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.			The Dark	96	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Bone Flute	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: All creatures get -1/-0 until end of turn."			The Dark	97	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Book of Rass	6	6	Artifact	"{2}, Pay 2 life: Draw a card."			The Dark	98	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Coal Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{3}, Sacrifice Coal Golem: Add {R}{R}{R}."		R	The Dark	99	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Dark Sphere	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Dark Sphere: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent half that damage, rounded down."			The Dark	100	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Diabolic Machine	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{3}: Regenerate Diabolic Machine.			The Dark	101	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Fellwar Stone	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.			The Dark	102	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Fountain of Youth	0	0	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: You gain 1 life."			The Dark	103	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Living Armor	4	4	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Living Armor: Put X +0/+1 counters on target creature, where X is that creature's converted mana cost."			The Dark	104	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Necropolis	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Put X +0/+1 counters on Necropolis, where X is the exiled card's converted mana cost."			The Dark	105	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Reflecting Mirror	4	4	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Change the target of target spell with a single target if that target is you. The new target must be a player. X is twice the converted mana cost of that spell."			The Dark	106	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Runesword	6	6	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target attacking creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. When that creature leaves the battlefield this turn, sacrifice Runesword. If the creature deals damage to a creature this turn, the creature dealt damage can't be regenerated this turn. If a creature dealt damage by the targeted creature would die this turn, exile that creature instead."			The Dark	107	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Scarecrow	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"{6}, {T}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by creatures with flying."			The Dark	108	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Skull of Orm	3	3	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand."			The Dark	109	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Standing Stones	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color."			The Dark	110	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Stone Calendar	5	5	Artifact	Spells you cast cost up to {1} less to cast.			The Dark	111	rare	Amy Weber		
Tower of Coireall	2	2	Artifact	{T}: Target creature can't be blocked by Walls this turn.			The Dark	113	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Wand of Ith	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player reveals a card at random from their hand. If it's a land card, that player discards it unless they pay 1 life. If it isn't a land card, the player discards it unless they pay life equal to its converted mana cost. Activate this ability only during your turn."			The Dark	114	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
City of Shadows		0	Land	"{T}, Exile a creature you control: Put a storage counter on City of Shadows.
{T}: Add {C} for each storage counter on City of Shadows."			The Dark	116	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Sorrow's Path		0	Land	"{T}: Choose two target blocking creatures an opponent controls. If each of those creatures could block all creatures that the other is blocking, remove both of them from combat. Each one then blocks all creatures the other was blocking.
Whenever Sorrow's Path becomes tapped, it deals 2 damage to you and each creature you control."			The Dark	119	rare	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Indestructible Aura	W	1	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn.	W	W	Chronicles	7	common	Mark Poole		
Ivory Guardians	4WW	6	Creature ? Giant Cleric	"Protection from red
Creatures named Ivory Guardians get +1/+1 as long as an opponent controls a nontoken red permanent."	W	W	Chronicles	8	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Keepers of the Faith	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric		W	W	Chronicles	9	common	Daniel Gelon		
Petra Sphinx	2WWW	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"{T}: Target player chooses a card name, then reveals the top card of their library. If that card has the chosen name, that player puts it into their hand. If it doesn't, the player puts it into their graveyard."	W	W	Chronicles	10	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Flash Flood	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target red permanent.
? Return target Mountain to its owner's hand."	U	U	Chronicles	21	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Puppet Master	UUU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to its owner's hand. If that card is returned to its owner's hand this way, you may pay {U}{U}{U}. If you do, return Puppet Master to its owner's hand."	U	U	Chronicles	23	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Teleport	UUU	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step.
Target creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Chronicles	26	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Wall of Vapor	3U	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Wall of Vapor by creatures it's blocking."	U	U	Chronicles	27	common	Richard Thomas		
Giant Slug	1B	2	Creature ? Slug	"{5}: At the beginning of your next upkeep, choose a basic land type. Giant Slug gains landwalk of the chosen type until the end of that turn. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a land of that type.)"	B	B	Chronicles	33	common	Anson Maddocks		
Shimian Night Stalker	3BB	5	Creature ? Nightstalker	"{B}, {T}: All damage that would be dealt to you this turn by target attacking creature is dealt to Shimian Night Stalker instead."	B	B	Chronicles	36	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Takklemaggot	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, put a -0/-1 counter on that creature.
When enchanted creature dies, that creature's controller chooses a creature that Takklemaggot could enchant. If the player does, return Takklemaggot to the battlefield under your control attached to that creature. If they don't, return Takklemaggot to the battlefield under your control as a non-Aura enchantment. It loses ""enchant creature"" and gains ""At the beginning of that player's upkeep, Takklemaggot deals 1 damage to that player."""	B	B	Chronicles	37	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
The Wretched	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"At end of combat, gain control of all creatures blocking The Wretched for as long as you control The Wretched."	B	B	Chronicles	39	rare	Christopher Rush		
Transmutation	1B	2	Instant	Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.	B	B	Chronicles	40	common	Susan Van Camp		
Wall of Shadows	1BB	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Wall of Shadows by creatures it's blocking.
Wall of Shadows can't be the target of spells that can target only Walls or of abilities that can target only Walls."	B	B	Chronicles	41	common	Pete Venters		
Active Volcano	R	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Destroy target blue permanent.
? Return target Island to its owner's hand."	R	R	Chronicles	43	common	Justin Hampton		
Beasts of Bogardan	4R	5	Creature ? Beast	"Protection from red
Beasts of Bogardan gets +1/+1 as long as an opponent controls a nontoken white permanent."	R	R	Chronicles	45	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Land's Edge	1RR	3	World Enchantment	"Discard a card: If the discarded card was a land card, Land's Edge deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker. Any player may activate this ability."	R	R	Chronicles	52	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Primordial Ooze	R	1	Creature ? Ooze	"Primordial Ooze attacks each combat if able.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Primordial Ooze. Then you may pay {X}, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on it. If you don't, tap Primordial Ooze and it deals X damage to you."	R	R	Chronicles	54	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Wall of Heat	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	R	R	Chronicles	55	common	Richard Thomas		
Wall of Opposition	3RR	5	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{1}: Wall of Opposition gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Chronicles	56	uncommon	Harold McNeill		
Cat Warriors	1GG	3	Creature ? Cat Warrior	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Chronicles	58	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Cocoon	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
When Cocoon enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature and put three pupa counters on Cocoon.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during your untap step if Cocoon has a pupa counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a pupa counter from Cocoon. If you can't, sacrifice it, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature, and that creature gains flying."	G	G	Chronicles	59	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Concordant Crossroads	G	1	World Enchantment	All creatures have haste.	G	G	Chronicles	60	rare	Amy Weber		
Emerald Dragonfly	1G	2	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{G}{G}: Emerald Dragonfly gains first strike until end of turn."	G	G	Chronicles	63	common	Quinton Hoover		
Rabid Wombat	2GG	4	Creature ? Wombat	"Vigilance
Rabid Wombat gets +2/+2 for each Aura attached to it."	G	G	Chronicles	67	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Revelation	G	1	World Enchantment	Players play with their hands revealed.	G	G	Chronicles	68	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Nalathni Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)
{R}: Nalathni Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If this ability has been activated four or more times this turn, sacrifice Nalathni Dragon at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Dragon Con	1	rare	Michael Whelan		
Sewers of Estark	2BB	4	Instant	"Choose target creature. If it's attacking, it can't be blocked this turn. If it's blocking, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this combat by it and each creature it's blocking."	B	B	HarperPrism Book Promos	2	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Water Elemental	3UU	5	Creature ? Elemental		U	U	Starter 1999	60	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Bog Wraith	3B	4	Creature ? Wraith	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Starter 1999	67	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Earth Elemental	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental		R	R	Starter 1999	95	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Durkwood Boars	4G	5	Creature ? Boar		G	G	Starter 1999	127	common	Mike Kimble		
Control Magic	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Battle Royale Box Set	14	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Land Tax	W	1	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if an opponent controls more lands than you, you may search your library for up to three basic land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Battle Royale Box Set	35	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Scryb Sprites	G	1	Creature ? Faerie	Flying	G	G	Battle Royale Box Set	66	common	Amy Weber		
Wrath of God	2WW	4	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated.	W	W	Battle Royale Box Set	100	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Mahamoti Djinn	4UU	6	Creature ? Djinn	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Beatdown Box Set	13	rare	Dan Frazier		
Lightning Bolt	R	1	Instant	Lightning Bolt deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Beatdown Box Set	41	common	Christopher Rush		
Shivan Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{R}: Shivan Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Beatdown Box Set	44	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Force of Nature	2GGGG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, Force of Nature deals 8 damage to you unless you pay {G}{G}{G}{G}."	G	G	Beatdown Box Set	56	rare	Douglas Shuler		
"Edric, Spymaster of Trest"	1GU	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Rogue	"Whenever a creature deals combat damage to one of your opponents, its controller may draw a card."	U	U	Commander 2011	196	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Loyal Retainers	2W	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"Sacrifice Loyal Retainers: Return target legendary creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Commander's Arsenal	10	uncommon	Solomon Au Yeung		
"Derevi, Empyrial Tactician"	GWU	3	Legendary Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Derevi, Empyrial Tactician enters the battlefield or a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may tap or untap target permanent.
{1}{G}{W}{U}: Put Derevi onto the battlefield from the command zone."	W	W	Commander 2013	186	mythic	Michael Komarck		
"Marath, Will of the Wild"	RGW	3	Legendary Creature ? Elemental Beast	"Marath, Will of the Wild enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the amount of mana spent to cast it.
{X}, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Marath: Choose one ?
? Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature. X can't be 0.
? Marath deals X damage to any target. X can't be 0.
? Create an X/X green Elemental creature token. X can't be 0."	W	W	Commander 2013	198	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
"Oloro, Ageless Ascetic"	3WUB	6	Legendary Creature ? Giant Soldier	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 2 life.
Whenever you gain life, you may pay {1}. If you do, draw a card and each opponent loses 1 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Oloro, Ageless Ascetic is in the command zone, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Commander 2013	203	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Breya, Etherium Shaper"	WUBR	4	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Human	"When Breya, Etherium Shaper enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.
{2}, Sacrifice two artifacts: Choose one ?
? Breya deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.
? Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.
? You gain 5 life."	W	W	Commander 2016	29	mythic	Clint Cearley		
"Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder"	2RW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Ally	"Whenever Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder enters the battlefield or attacks, target creature you control gains double strike and lifelink until end of turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	W	W	Commander 2016	30	mythic	Anthony Palumbo		
Vial Smasher the Fierce	1BR	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Berserker	"Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, choose an opponent at random. Vial Smasher the Fierce deals damage equal to that spell's converted mana cost to that player or a planeswalker that player controls.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	R	R	Commander 2016	49	mythic	Deruchenko Alexander		
Edgar Markov	3RWB	6	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Eminence ? Whenever you cast another Vampire spell, if Edgar Markov is in the command zone or on the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token.
First strike, haste
Whenever Edgar Markov attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each Vampire you control."	W	W	Commander 2017	36	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Natural Order	2GG	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a green creature.
Search your library for a green creature card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Portal	175	rare	Alan Rabinowitz		
Polymorph	3U	4	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. Its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card. The player puts that card onto the battlefield, then shuffles all other cards revealed this way into their library."	U	U	Classic Sixth Edition	86	rare	Robert Bliss		
Fireblast	4RR	6	Instant	"You may sacrifice two Mountains rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Fireblast deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Chandra	55	common	Michael Danza		
Mox Diamond	0	0	Artifact	"If Mox Diamond would enter the battlefield, you may discard a land card instead. If you do, put Mox Diamond onto the battlefield. If you don't, put it into its owner's graveyard.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			From the Vault: Relics	10	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Price of Progress	1R	2	Instant	Price of Progress deals damage to each player equal to twice the number of nonbasic lands that player controls.	R	R	Premium Deck Series: Fire and Lightning	18	uncommon	Richard Kane Ferguson		
Entomb	B	1	Instant	Search your library for a card and put that card into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library.	B	B	Premium Deck Series: Graveborn	14	rare	Ron Spears		
Sulfuric Vortex	1RR	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Sulfuric Vortex deals 2 damage to that player.
If a player would gain life, that player gains no life instead."	R	R	Duel Decks: Sorin vs. Tibalt	68	rare	Greg Staples		
Geist of Saint Traft	1WU	3	Legendary Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Whenever Geist of Saint Traft attacks, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying that's tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat."	W	W	Duel Decks: Blessed vs. Cursed	1	mythic	Daarken		
Chrome Mox	0	0	Artifact	"Imprint ? When Chrome Mox enters the battlefield, you may exile a nonartifact, nonland card from your hand.
{T}: Add one mana of any of the exiled card's colors."			Eternal Masters	219	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Zur the Enchanter	1WUB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
Whenever Zur the Enchanter attacks, you may search your library for an enchantment card with converted mana cost 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library."	W	W	Modern Masters 2017	204	rare	Pete Venters		
Eidolon of the Great Revel	RR	2	Enchantment Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever a player casts a spell with converted mana cost 3 or less, Eidolon of the Great Revel deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Masters 25	128	rare	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Protean Hulk	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"When Protean Hulk dies, search your library for any number of creature cards with total converted mana cost 6 or less and put them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Masters 25	185	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Back to Basics	2U	3	Enchantment	Nonbasic lands don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.	U	U	Ultimate Masters	46	rare	Terese Nielsen		
"Tasigur, the Golden Fang"	5B	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
{2}{G/U}{G/U}: Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard, then return a nonland card of an opponent's choice from your graveyard to your hand."	B	U	Ultimate Masters	117	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Mind Twist	XB	1	Sorcery	Target player discards X cards at random.	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	115	rare	Julie Baroh		
Goblin Recruiter	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Recruiter enters the battlefield, search your library for any number of Goblin cards and reveal those cards. Shuffle your library, then put them on top of it in any order."	R	R	Classic Sixth Edition	186	uncommon	Scott Kirschner		
Sensei's Divining Top	1	1	Artifact	"{1}: Look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order.
{T}: Draw a card, then put Sensei's Divining Top on top of its owner's library."			From the Vault: Exiled	10	mythic	Michael Sutfin		
Skullclamp	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/-1.
Whenever equipped creature dies, draw two cards.
Equip {1}"			From the Vault: Exiled	12	mythic	Luca Zontini		
Deathrite Shaman	B/G	1	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{T}: Exile target land card from a graveyard. Add one mana of any color.
{B}, {T}: Exile target instant or sorcery card from a graveyard. Each opponent loses 2 life.
{G}, {T}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. You gain 2 life."	G	G	Eternal Masters	215	rare	Steve Argyle		
Oath of Druids	1G	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses target player who controls more creatures than they do and is their opponent. The first player may reveal cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card. If the first player does, that player puts that card onto the battlefield and all other cards revealed this way into their graveyard."	G	G	Commander 2016	159	rare	Daren Bader		
Mana Drain	UU	2	Instant	"Counter target spell. At the beginning of your next main phase, add an amount of {C} equal to that spell's converted mana cost."	U	U	Iconic Masters	65	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Frantic Search	2U	3	Instant	"Draw two cards, then discard two cards. Untap up to three lands."	U	U	Ultimate Masters	57	common	Mitchell Malloy		
Timetwister	2U	3	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. (Then put Timetwister into its owner's graveyard.)"	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	84	rare	Mark Tedin		
Demonic Tutor	1B	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	104	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Wheel of Fortune	2R	3	Sorcery	"Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards."	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	183	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Mana Vault	1	1	Artifact	"Mana Vault doesn't untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {4}. If you do, untap Mana Vault.
At the beginning of your draw step, if Mana Vault is tapped, it deals 1 damage to you.
{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}."			Limited Edition Alpha	259	rare	Mark Tedin		
Sol Ring	1	1	Artifact	{T}: Add {C}{C}.			Limited Edition Alpha	269	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Strip Mine		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Strip Mine: Destroy target land."			Fourth Edition	363	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Mana Crypt	0	0	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, Mana Crypt deals 3 damage to you.
{T}: Add {C}{C}."			HarperPrism Book Promos	5	rare	Mark Tedin		
Brainstorm	U	1	Instant	"Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order."	U	U	Fifth Edition	76	common	Christopher Rush		
Necropotence	BBB	3	Enchantment	"Skip your draw step.
Whenever you discard a card, exile that card from your graveyard.
Pay 1 life: Exile the top card of your library face down. Put that card into your hand at the beginning of your next end step."	B	B	Fifth Edition	182	rare	Mark Tedin		
Flash	1U	2	Instant	"You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. If you do, sacrifice it unless you pay its mana cost reduced by up to {2}."	U	U	Classic Sixth Edition	67	rare	David Ho		
Mystical Tutor	U	1	Instant	"Search your library for an instant or sorcery card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it."	U	U	Classic Sixth Edition	83	uncommon	David O'Connor		
Vampiric Tutor	B	1	Instant	"Search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it. You lose 2 life."	B	B	Classic Sixth Edition	161	rare	Gary Leach		
Imperial Seal	B	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it. You lose 2 life."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	78	rare	Li Tie		
Windfall	2U	3	Sorcery	"Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way."	U	U	Battle Royale Box Set	99	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Merchant Scroll	1U	2	Sorcery	"Search your library for a blue instant card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	Eighth Edition	91	uncommon	David Martin		
Gush	4U	5	Instant	"You may return two Islands you control to their owner's hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Draw two cards."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Chandra	27	common	Kev Walker		
Ponder	U	1	Sorcery	"Look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order. You may shuffle your library.
Draw a card."	U	U	Magic 2010	68	common	Dan Scott		
Lotus Petal	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Lotus Petal: Add one mana of any color."			From the Vault: Exiled	7	mythic	April Lee		
Trinisphere	3	3	Artifact	"As long as Trinisphere is untapped, each spell that would cost less than three mana to cast costs three mana to cast. (Additional mana in the cost may be paid with any color of mana or colorless mana. For example, a spell that would cost {1}{B} to cast costs {2}{B} to cast instead.)"			From the Vault: Exiled	15	mythic	Tim Hildebrandt		
Lodestone Golem	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Nonartifact spells cost {1} more to cast.			Archenemy	111	rare	Chris Rahn		
Memory Jar	5	5	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Memory Jar: Each player exiles all cards from their hand face down and draws seven cards. At the beginning of the next end step, each player discards their hand and returns to their hand each card they exiled this way."			From the Vault: Relics	8	mythic	Donato Giancola		
Chalice of the Void	XX	0	Artifact	"Chalice of the Void enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
Whenever a player casts a spell with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Chalice of the Void, counter that spell."			Modern Masters	203	rare	Mark Zug		
Mind's Desire	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Shuffle your library. Then exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost. (If it has X in its mana cost, X is 0.)
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	U	U	From the Vault: Lore	8	mythic	Adam Paquette		
Treasure Cruise	7U	8	Sorcery	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Draw three cards."	U	U	Commander 2016	101	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Dig Through Time	6UU	8	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Ultimate Masters	50	rare	Ryan Yee		
Balance	1W	2	Sorcery	"Each player chooses a number of lands they control equal to the number of lands controlled by the player who controls the fewest, then sacrifices the rest. Players discard cards and sacrifice creatures the same way."	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	3	rare	Mark Poole		
Ancestral Recall	U	1	Instant	Target player draws three cards.	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	47	rare	Mark Poole		
Time Walk	1U	2	Sorcery	Take an extra turn after this one.	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	83	rare	Amy Weber		
Contract from Below	B	1	Sorcery	"Remove Contract from Below from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
Discard your hand, ante the top card of your library, then draw seven cards."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	96	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Darkpact	BBB	3	Sorcery	"Remove Darkpact from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
You own target card in the ante. Exchange that card with the top card of your library."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	99	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Demonic Attorney	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Remove Demonic Attorney from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
Each player antes the top card of their library."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	102	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Channel	GG	2	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, any time you could activate a mana ability, you may pay 1 life. If you do, add {C}."	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	188	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Fastbond	G	1	Enchantment	"You may play any number of lands on each of your turns.
Whenever you play a land, if it wasn't the first land you played this turn, Fastbond deals 1 damage to you."	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	192	rare	Mark Poole		
Black Lotus	0	0	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Black Lotus: Add three mana of any one color."			Limited Edition Alpha	232	rare	Christopher Rush		
Chaos Orb	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: If Chaos Orb is on the battlefield, flip Chaos Orb onto the battlefield from a height of at least one foot. If Chaos Orb turns over completely at least once during the flip, destroy all nontoken permanents it touches. Then destroy Chaos Orb."			Limited Edition Alpha	235	rare	Mark Tedin		
Mox Emerald	0	0	Artifact	{T}: Add {G}.		G	Limited Edition Alpha	261	rare	Dan Frazier		
Mox Jet	0	0	Artifact	{T}: Add {B}.		B	Limited Edition Alpha	262	rare	Dan Frazier		
Mox Pearl	0	0	Artifact	{T}: Add {W}.		W	Limited Edition Alpha	263	rare	Dan Frazier		
Mox Ruby	0	0	Artifact	{T}: Add {R}.		R	Limited Edition Alpha	264	rare	Dan Frazier		
Mox Sapphire	0	0	Artifact	{T}: Add {U}.		U	Limited Edition Alpha	265	rare	Dan Frazier		
Time Vault	2	2	Artifact	"Time Vault enters the battlefield tapped.
Time Vault doesn't untap during your untap step.
If you would begin your turn while Time Vault is tapped, you may skip that turn instead. If you do, untap Time Vault.
{T}: Take an extra turn after this one."			Limited Edition Alpha	274	rare	Mark Tedin		
Tempest Efreet	1RRR	4	Creature ? Efreet	"Remove Tempest Efreet from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
{T}, Sacrifice Tempest Efreet: Target opponent may pay 10 life. If that player doesn't, they reveal a card at random from their hand. Exchange ownership of the revealed card and Tempest Efreet. Put the revealed card into your hand and Tempest Efreet from anywhere into that player's graveyard. This change in ownership is permanent."	R	R	Fourth Edition	225	rare	NN Thomas		
Rebirth	3GGG	6	Sorcery	"Remove Rebirth from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
Each player may ante the top card of their library. If a player does, that player's life total becomes 20."	G	G	Fourth Edition	267	rare	Mark Tedin		
Bronze Tablet	6	6	Artifact	"Remove Bronze Tablet from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
Bronze Tablet enters the battlefield tapped.
{4}, {T}: Exile Bronze Tablet and target nontoken permanent an opponent owns. That player may pay 10 life. If they do, put Bronze Tablet into its owner's graveyard. Otherwise, that player owns Bronze Tablet and you own the other exiled card."			Fourth Edition	303	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Jeweled Bird	1	1	Artifact	"Remove Jeweled Bird from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
{T}: Ante Jeweled Bird. If you do, put all other cards you own from the ante into your graveyard, then draw a card."			Chronicles	102	rare	Amy Weber		
Biorhythm	6GG	8	Sorcery	Each player's life total becomes the number of creatures they control.	G	G	Ninth Edition	231	rare	Ron Spears		
Gifts Ungiven	3U	4	Instant	Search your library for up to four cards with different names and reveal them. Target opponent chooses two of those cards. Put the chosen cards into your graveyard and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle your library.	U	U	From the Vault: Exiled	4	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
Tinker	2U	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Search your library for an artifact card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	U	U	From the Vault: Exiled	14	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Sundering Titan	8	8	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When Sundering Titan enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, choose a land of each basic land type, then destroy those lands."			Archenemy	118	rare	Jim Murray		
Primeval Titan	4GG	6	Creature ? Giant	"Trample
Whenever Primeval Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, you may search your library for up to two land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2011	192	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Trade Secrets	1UU	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent draws two cards, then you draw up to four cards. That opponent may repeat this process as many times as they choose."	U	U	Commander 2011	64	rare	Ron Spears		
Worldfire	6RRR	9	Sorcery	Exile all permanents. Exile all cards from all hands and graveyards. Each player's life total becomes 1.	R	R	Magic 2013	158	mythic	Izzy		
Advantageous Proclamation		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
Your minimum deck size is reduced by five."			Conspiracy	1	uncommon	Izzy		
Backup Plan		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
Draw an additional hand of seven cards as the game begins. Before taking mulligans, shuffle all but one of your hands into your library."			Conspiracy	2	rare	David Palumbo		
Brago's Favor		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Spells with the chosen name you cast cost {1} less to cast."			Conspiracy	3	common	Karla Ortiz		
Double Stroke		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell with the chosen name, you may copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy."			Conspiracy	4	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Immediate Action		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Creatures you control with the chosen name have haste."			Conspiracy	5	common	Karl Kopinski		
Iterative Analysis		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell with the chosen name, you may draw a card."			Conspiracy	6	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Muzzio's Preparations		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Each creature you control with the chosen name enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."			Conspiracy	7	common	Karl Kopinski		
Power Play		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
You are the starting player. If multiple players would be the starting player, one of those players is chosen at random."			Conspiracy	8	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Secret Summoning		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever a creature with the chosen name enters the battlefield under your control, you may search your library for any number of cards with that name, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Conspiracy	9	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Secrets of Paradise		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Creatures you control with the chosen name have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""			Conspiracy	10	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Sentinel Dispatch		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
At the beginning of the first upkeep, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token with defender."			Conspiracy	11	common	Adam Paquette		
Unexpected Potential		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
You may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast spells with the chosen name."			Conspiracy	12	uncommon	Izzy		
Worldknit		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
As long as every card in your card pool started the game in your library or in the command zone, lands you control have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""			Conspiracy	13	rare	Adam Paquette		
Upheaval	4UU	6	Sorcery	Return all permanents to their owners' hands.	U	U	From the Vault: Annihilation	13	mythic	Kev Walker		
"Emrakul, the Aeons Torn"	15	15	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi	"This spell can't be countered.
When you cast this spell, take an extra turn after this one.
Flying, protection from colored spells, annihilator 6
When Emrakul, the Aeons Torn is put into a graveyard from anywhere, its owner shuffles their graveyard into their library."			Modern Masters 2015	3	mythic	Mark Tedin		
"Braids, Cabal Minion"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Minion	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player sacrifices an artifact, creature, or land."	B	B	Eternal Masters	82	rare	Eric Peterson		
Karakas		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {W}.
{T}: Return target legendary creature to its owner's hand."		W	Eternal Masters	240	mythic	Drew Baker		
Adriana's Valor		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever a creature you control with the chosen name attacks, you may pay {W}. If you do, that creature gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"		W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	1	common	Lius Lasahido		
Assemble the Rank and Vile		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Creatures you control with the chosen name have ""When this creature dies, you may pay {B}. If you do, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."""		B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	2	common	Seb McKinnon		
Echoing Boon		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, if it targets a creature you control with the chosen name, you may copy that spell and may choose new targets for the copy."			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	3	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Emissary's Ploy		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
Before drawing your opening hand, choose 1, 2, or 3.
You may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast creature spells with converted mana cost equal to the chosen number."			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	4	rare	Howard Lyon		
Hired Heist		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Whenever a creature you control with the chosen name deals combat damage to a player, you may pay {U}. If you do, draw a card."		U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	5	common	Lucas Graciano		
Hold the Perimeter		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
At the beginning of your first upkeep, create a 1/2 white Soldier creature token with defender.
At the beginning of each other player's first upkeep, that player creates a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with ""This creature can't block."""			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	6	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Hymn of the Wilds		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
The first creature spell you cast each turn costs {1} less to cast.
You can't cast instant or sorcery spells."			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	7	mythic	Jason Rainville		
Incendiary Dissent		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Creatures you control with the chosen name have ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""		R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	8	common	Jakub Kasper		
Natural Unity		0	Conspiracy	"Hidden agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose a card name. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal that name.)
Creatures you control with the chosen name have ""At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay {G}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature."""		G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	9	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Sovereign's Realm		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
Your deck can't have basic land cards and your starting hand size is five.
Exile a card from your hand: This turn, you may play basic land cards from outside the game.
Basic lands you control have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	10	mythic	Daniel Ljunggren		
Summoner's Bond		0	Conspiracy	"Double agenda (Start the game with this conspiracy face down in the command zone and secretly choose two different card names. You may turn this conspiracy face up any time and reveal those names.)
Whenever you cast a creature spell with one of the chosen names, you may search your library for a creature card with the other chosen name, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	11	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Weight Advantage		0	Conspiracy	"(Start the game with this conspiracy face up in the command zone.)
Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power."			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	12	rare	Jakub Kasper		
"Leovold, Emissary of Trest"	BGU	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Advisor	"Each opponent can't draw more than one card each turn.
Whenever you or a permanent you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you may draw a card."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	77	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Painter's Servant	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"As Painter's Servant enters the battlefield, choose a color.
All cards that aren't on the battlefield, spells, and permanents are the chosen color in addition to their other colors."			Kaladesh Inventions	20	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Griselbrand	4BBBB	8	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying, lifelink
Pay 7 life: Draw seven cards."	B	B	Modern Masters 2017	72	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
Shahrazad	WW	2	Sorcery	"Players play a Magic subgame, using their libraries as their decks. Each player who doesn't win the subgame loses half their life, rounded up."	W	W	Arabian Nights	10	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Library of Alexandria		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you have exactly seven cards in hand."			Arabian Nights	76	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Falling Star	2R	3	Sorcery	"Flip Falling Star onto the playing area from a height of at least one foot. Falling Star deals 3 damage to each creature it lands on. Tap all creatures dealt damage by Falling Star. If Falling Star doesn't turn completely over at least once during the flip, it has no effect."	R	R	Legends	145	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Demonic Consultation	B	1	Instant	"Choose a card name. Exile the top six cards of your library, then reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card with the chosen name. Put that card into your hand and exile all other cards revealed this way."	B	B	Ice Age	121	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Amulet of Quoz	6	6	Artifact	"Remove Amulet of Quoz from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
{T}, Sacrifice Amulet of Quoz: Target opponent may ante the top card of their library. If they don't, you flip a coin. If you win the flip, that player loses the game. If you lose the flip, you lose the game. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Ice Age	308	rare	Dan Frazier		
Timmerian Fiends	1BB	3	Creature ? Horror	"Remove Timmerian Fiends from your deck before playing if you're not playing for ante.
{B}{B}{B}, Sacrifice Timmerian Fiends: The owner of target artifact may ante the top card of their library. If that player doesn't, exchange ownership of that artifact and Timmerian Fiends. Put the artifact card into your graveyard and Timmerian Fiends from anywhere into that player's graveyard. This change in ownership is permanent."	B	B	Homelands	58	rare	Mike Kimble		
Lion's Eye Diamond	0	0	Artifact	"Discard your hand, Sacrifice Lion's Eye Diamond: Add three mana of any one color. Activate this ability only any time you could cast an instant."			Mirage	307	rare	Margaret Organ-Kean		
Yawgmoth's Will	2B	3	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, you may play cards from your graveyard.
If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile that card instead."	B	B	Urza's Saga	171	rare	Ron Spencer		
Tolarian Academy		0	Legendary Land	{T}: Add {U} for each artifact you control.		U	Urza's Saga	330	rare	Stephen Daniele		
Thorn of Amethyst	2	2	Artifact	Noncreature spells cost {1} more to cast.			Lorwyn	262	rare	Chuck Lukacs		
Gitaxian Probe	U/P	1	Sorcery	"({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)
Look at target player's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	New Phyrexia	35	common	Chippy		
Monastery Mentor	2W	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 white Monk creature token with prowess."	W	W	Fate Reforged	20	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Bazaar of Baghdad		0	Land	"{T}: Draw two cards, then discard three cards."			Arabian Nights	70	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Mishra's Workshop		0	Land	{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}. Spend this mana only to cast artifact spells.			Antiquities	81	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Earthcraft	1G	2	Enchantment	Tap an untapped creature you control: Untap target basic land.	G	G	Tempest	222	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Hermit Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"{G}, {T}: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a basic land card. Put that card into your hand and all other cards revealed this way into your graveyard."	G	G	Stronghold	108	rare	Heather Hudson		
Survival of the Fittest	1G	2	Enchantment	"{G}, Discard a creature card: Search your library for a creature card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Exodus	129	rare	Pete Venters		
Yawgmoth's Bargain	4BB	6	Enchantment	"Skip your draw step.
Pay 1 life: Draw a card."	B	B	Urza's Destiny	75	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Mental Misstep	U/P	1	Instant	"({U/P} can be paid with either {U} or 2 life.)
Counter target spell with converted mana cost 1."	U	U	New Phyrexia	38	uncommon	Erica Yang		
The Tabernacle at Pendrell Vale		0	Legendary Land	"All creatures have ""At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy this creature unless you pay {1}."""			Legends	307	rare	Nicola Leonard		
Humility	2WW	4	Enchantment	All creatures lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.	W	W	Tempest	24	rare	Phil Foglio		
Gaea's Cradle		0	Legendary Land	{T}: Add {G} for each creature you control.		G	Urza's Saga	321	rare	Mark Zug		
Grim Monolith	2	2	Artifact	"Grim Monolith doesn't untap during your untap step.
{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}.
{4}: Untap Grim Monolith."			Urza's Legacy	126	rare	Chippy		
"Rofellos, Llanowar Emissary"	GG	2	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G} for each Forest you control.	G	G	Urza's Destiny	118	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Food Chain	2G	3	Enchantment	"Exile a creature you control: Add X mana of any one color, where X is 1 plus the exiled creature's converted mana cost. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells."	G	G	Mercadian Masques	246	rare	Val Mayerik		
Necrotic Ooze	2BB	4	Creature ? Ooze	"As long as Necrotic Ooze is on the battlefield, it has all activated abilities of all creature cards in all graveyards."	B	B	Scars of Mirrodin	72	rare	James Ryman		
Zurgo Bellstriker	R	1	Legendary Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Zurgo Bellstriker can't block creatures with power 2 or greater.
Dash {1}{R} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)"	R	R	Dragons of Tarkir	169	rare	Jason Rainville		
"Baral, Chief of Compliance"	1U	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever a spell or ability you control counters a spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card."	U	U	Aether Revolt	28	rare	Wesley Burt		
Prime Speaker Vannifar	2GU	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Ooze Wizard	"{T}, Sacrifice another creature: Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	195	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Limited Resources	W	1	Enchantment	"When Limited Resources enters the battlefield, each player chooses five lands they control and sacrifices the rest.
Players can't play lands as long as ten or more lands are on the battlefield."	W	W	Exodus	10	rare	Keith Parkinson		
Recurring Nightmare	2B	3	Enchantment	"Sacrifice a creature, Return Recurring Nightmare to its owner's hand: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	B	B	Exodus	72	rare	Jeff Laubenstein		
Coalition Victory	3WUBRG	8	Sorcery	You win the game if you control a land of each basic land type and a creature of each color.	W	W	Invasion	241	rare	Eric Peterson		
Panoptic Mirror	5	5	Artifact	"Imprint ? {X}, {T}: You may exile an instant or sorcery card with converted mana cost X from your hand.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may copy a card exiled with Panoptic Mirror. If you do, you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost."			Darksteel	136	rare	Glen Angus		
Sway of the Stars	8UU	10	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles their hand, graveyard, and all permanents they own into their library, then draws seven cards. Each player's life total becomes 7."	U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	54	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Sylvan Primordial	5GG	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Reach
When Sylvan Primordial enters the battlefield, for each opponent, destroy target noncreature permanent that player controls. For each permanent destroyed this way, search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Gatecrash	136	rare	Stephan Martiniere		
Prophet of Kruphix	3GU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Untap all creatures and lands you control during each other player's untap step.
You may cast creature spells as though they had flash."	U	U	Theros	199	rare	Winona Nelson		
Akron Legionnaire	6WW	8	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Except for creatures named Akron Legionnaire and artifact creatures, creatures you control can't attack."	W	W	Legends	1	rare	Mark Poole		
Alabaster Potion	XWW	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target player gains X life.
? Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to any target this turn."	W	W	Legends	2	common	Harold McNeill		
Cleanse	2WW	4	Sorcery	Destroy all black creatures.	W	W	Legends	5	rare	Phil Foglio		
Clergy of the Holy Nimbus	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"If Clergy of the Holy Nimbus would be destroyed, regenerate it.
{1}: Clergy of the Holy Nimbus can't be regenerated this turn. Only any opponent may activate this ability."	W	W	Legends	6	common	Daniel Gelon		
Divine Transformation	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3."	W	W	Legends	10	rare	NN Thomas		
Elder Land Wurm	4WWW	7	Creature ? Dragon Wurm	"Defender, trample
When Elder Land Wurm blocks, it loses defender."	W	W	Legends	11	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Enchanted Being	1WW	3	Creature ? Human	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Enchanted Being by enchanted creatures.	W	W	Legends	12	common	Douglas Shuler		
Equinox	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Counter target spell if it would destroy a land you control."""	W	W	Legends	13	common	Susan Van Camp		
Fortified Area	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Wall creatures you control get +1/+0 and have banding. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Legends	14	uncommon	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Glyph of Life	W	1	Instant	"Choose target Wall creature. Whenever that creature is dealt damage by an attacking creature this turn, you gain that much life."	W	W	Legends	15	common	Susan Van Camp		
Great Defender	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +0/+X until end of turn, where X is its converted mana cost."	W	W	Legends	16	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Great Wall	2W	3	Enchantment	Creatures with plainswalk can be blocked as though they didn't have plainswalk.	W	W	Legends	17	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Greater Realm of Preservation	1W	2	Enchantment	"{1}{W}: The next time a black or red source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage."	W	W	Legends	18	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Heaven's Gate	W	1	Instant	Any number of target creatures become white until end of turn.	W	W	Legends	19	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Infinite Authority	WWW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature blocks or becomes blocked by a creature with toughness 3 or less, destroy the other creature at end of combat. At the beginning of the next end step, if that creature was destroyed this way, put a +1/+1 counter on the first creature."	W	W	Legends	22	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Kismet	3W	4	Enchantment	"Artifacts, creatures, and lands your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped."	W	W	Legends	25	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Lifeblood	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a Mountain an opponent controls becomes tapped, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Legends	27	rare	Mark Tedin		
Moat	2WW	4	Enchantment	Creatures without flying can't attack.	W	W	Legends	28	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Rapid Fire	3W	4	Instant	"Cast this spell only before blockers are declared.
Target creature gains first strike until end of turn. If it doesn't have rampage, that creature gains rampage 2 until end of turn. (Whenever the creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	W	W	Legends	32	rare	Justin Hampton		
Remove Enchantments	W	1	Instant	"Return to your hand all enchantments you both own and control, all Auras you own attached to permanents you control, and all Auras you own attached to attacking creatures your opponents control. Then destroy all other enchantments you control, all other Auras attached to permanents you control, and all other Auras attached to attacking creatures your opponents control."	W	W	Legends	33	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Seeker	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or white creatures."	W	W	Legends	35	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Spiritual Sanctuary	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player controls a Plains, they gain 1 life."	W	W	Legends	38	rare	Amy Weber		
Visions	W	1	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of target player's library. You may then have that player shuffle that library.	W	W	Legends	41	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Wall of Caltrops	1W	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Wall of Caltrops blocks a creature, if at least one other Wall creature is blocking that creature and no non-Wall creatures are blocking that creature, Wall of Caltrops gains banding until end of turn. (If any creatures with banding you control are blocking a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by.)"	W	W	Legends	42	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Acid Rain	3U	4	Sorcery	Destroy all Forests.	U	U	Legends	44	rare	NN Thomas		
Anti-Magic Aura	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be the target of spells and can't be enchanted by other Auras."	U	U	Legends	45	common	Douglas Shuler		
Backfire	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to you, Backfire deals that much damage to that creature's controller."	U	U	Legends	47	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Brine Hag	2UU	4	Creature ? Hag	"When Brine Hag dies, change the base power and toughness of all creatures that dealt damage to it this turn to 0/2. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Legends	49	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Devouring Deep	2U	3	Creature ? Fish	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Legends	50	common	Liz Danforth		
Dream Coat	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{0}: Enchanted creature becomes the color or colors of your choice. Activate this ability only once each turn."	U	U	Legends	51	uncommon	Anthony S. Waters		
Elder Spawn	4UUU	7	Creature ? Spawn	"At the beginning of your upkeep, unless you sacrifice an Island, sacrifice Elder Spawn and it deals 6 damage to you.
Elder Spawn can't be blocked by red creatures."	U	U	Legends	52	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Field of Dreams	U	1	World Enchantment	Players play with the top card of their libraries revealed.	U	U	Legends	55	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Glyph of Delusion	U	1	Instant	"Put X glyph counters on target creature that target Wall blocked this turn, where X is the power of that blocked creature. The creature gains ""This creature doesn't untap during your untap step if it has a glyph counter on it"" and ""At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a glyph counter from this creature."""	U	U	Legends	60	common	Susan Van Camp		
In the Eye of Chaos	2U	3	World Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts an instant spell, counter it unless that player pays {X}, where X is its converted mana cost."	U	U	Legends	61	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Invoke Prejudice	UUUU	4	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a creature spell that doesn't share a color with a creature you control, counter that spell unless that player pays {X}, where X is its converted mana cost."	U	U	Legends	62	rare	Harold McNeill		
Land Equilibrium	2UU	4	Enchantment	"If an opponent who controls at least as many lands as you do would put a land onto the battlefield, that player instead puts that land onto the battlefield then sacrifices a land."	U	U	Legends	64	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Part Water	XXU	1	Sorcery	X target creatures gain islandwalk until end of turn. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Legends	66	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Psionic Entity	4U	5	Creature ? Illusion	{T}: Psionic Entity deals 2 damage to any target and 3 damage to itself.	U	U	Legends	67	rare	Justin Hampton		
Psychic Purge	U	1	Sorcery	"Psychic Purge deals 1 damage to any target.
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Psychic Purge, that player loses 5 life."	U	U	Legends	68	common	Susan Van Camp		
Relic Bind	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact an opponent controls
Whenever enchanted artifact becomes tapped, choose one ?
? Relic Bind deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
? Target player gains 1 life."	U	U	Legends	71	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Reset	UU	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during an opponent's turn after their upkeep step.
Untap all lands you control."	U	U	Legends	73	uncommon	Nicola Leonard		
Reverberation	2UU	4	Instant	All damage that would be dealt this turn by target sorcery spell is dealt to that spell's controller instead.	U	U	Legends	74	rare	Justin Hampton		
Sea Kings' Blessing	U	1	Instant	Any number of target creatures become blue until end of turn.	U	U	Legends	75	uncommon	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Segovian Leviathan	4U	5	Creature ? Leviathan	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Legends	76	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Silhouette	1U	2	Instant	"Choose target creature. If a spell or ability that targets that creature would cause a source to deal damage to that creature this turn, prevent that damage."	U	U	Legends	77	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Spectral Cloak	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has shroud as long as it's untapped. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)"	U	U	Legends	78	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Undertow	2U	3	Enchantment	Creatures with islandwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have islandwalk.	U	U	Legends	82	uncommon	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Venarian Gold	XUU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Venarian Gold enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature and put a number of sleep counters on it equal to the value of X as you cast Venarian Gold.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step if it has a sleep counter on it.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, remove a sleep counter from that creature."	U	U	Legends	83	common	Daniel Gelon		
Zephyr Falcon	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying, vigilance"	U	U	Legends	86	common	Heather Hudson		
Abomination	3BB	5	Creature ? Horror	"Whenever Abomination blocks or becomes blocked by a green or white creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	B	B	Legends	87	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
All Hallow's Eve	2BB	4	Sorcery	"Exile All Hallow's Eve with two scream counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if All Hallow's Eve is exiled with a scream counter on it, remove a scream counter from it. If there are no more scream counters on it, put it into your graveyard and each player returns all creature cards from their graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Legends	88	rare	Christopher Rush		
Blight	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When enchanted land becomes tapped, destroy it."	B	B	Legends	89	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Carrion Ants	2BB	4	Creature ? Insect	{1}: Carrion Ants gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Legends	90	rare	Richard Thomas		
Chains of Mephistopheles	1B	2	Enchantment	"If a player would draw a card except the first one they draw in their draw step each turn, that player discards a card instead. If the player discards a card this way, they draw a card. If the player doesn't discard a card this way, they put the top card of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Legends	91	rare	Heather Hudson		
Cosmic Horror	3BBB	6	Creature ? Horror	"First strike
At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy Cosmic Horror unless you pay {3}{B}{B}{B}. If Cosmic Horror is destroyed this way, it deals 7 damage to you."	B	B	Legends	92	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Glyph of Doom	B	1	Instant	"Choose target Wall creature. At this turn's next end of combat, destroy all creatures that were blocked by that creature this turn."	B	B	Legends	100	common	Susan Van Camp		
Greed	3B	4	Enchantment	"{B}, Pay 2 life: Draw a card."	B	B	Legends	101	rare	Phil Foglio		
Headless Horseman	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Knight		B	B	Legends	102	common	Quinton Hoover		
Hell Swarm	B	1	Instant	All creatures get -1/-0 until end of turn.	B	B	Legends	103	common	Christopher Rush		
Imprison	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Whenever a player activates an ability of enchanted creature with {T} in its activation cost that isn't a mana ability, you may pay {1}. If you do, counter that ability. If you don't, destroy Imprison.
Whenever enchanted creature attacks or blocks, you may pay {1}. If you do, tap the creature, remove it from combat, and creatures it was blocking that had become blocked by only that creature this combat become unblocked. If you don't, destroy Imprison."	B	B	Legends	107	rare	Christopher Rush		
Infernal Medusa	3BB	5	Creature ? Gorgon	"Whenever Infernal Medusa blocks a creature, destroy that creature at end of combat.
Whenever Infernal Medusa becomes blocked by a non-Wall creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	B	B	Legends	108	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Jovial Evil	2B	3	Sorcery	"Jovial Evil deals X damage to target opponent, where X is twice the number of white creatures that player controls."	B	B	Legends	109	rare	Christopher Rush		
Lost Soul	1BB	3	Creature ? Spirit Minion	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Legends	111	common	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Mold Demon	5BB	7	Creature ? Fungus Demon	"When Mold Demon enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice two Swamps."	B	B	Legends	112	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Nether Void	3B	4	World Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts a spell, counter it unless that player pays {3}."	B	B	Legends	113	rare	Harold McNeill		
Quagmire	2B	3	Enchantment	Creatures with swampwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have swampwalk.	B	B	Legends	115	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
The Abyss	3B	4	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, destroy target nonartifact creature that player controls of their choice. It can't be regenerated."	B	B	Legends	120	rare	Pete Venters		
Touch of Darkness	B	1	Instant	Any number of target creatures become black until end of turn.	B	B	Legends	122	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Walking Dead	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	{B}: Regenerate Walking Dead.	B	B	Legends	126	common	Dan Frazier		
Wall of Putrid Flesh	2B	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Protection from white
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Wall of Putrid Flesh by enchanted creatures."	B	B	Legends	127	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Wall of Tombstones	1B	2	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, change Wall of Tombstones's base toughness to 1 plus the number of creature cards in your graveyard. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	B	B	Legends	129	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Aerathi Berserker	2RRR	5	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Rampage 3 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +3/+3 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	R	R	Legends	131	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Backdraft	1R	2	Instant	"Choose a player who cast one or more sorcery spells this turn. Backdraft deals damage to that player equal to half the damage dealt by one of those sorcery spells this turn, rounded down."	R	R	Legends	132	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Blazing Effigy	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"When Blazing Effigy dies, it deals X damage to target creature, where X is 3 plus the amount of damage dealt to Blazing Effigy this turn by other sources named Blazing Effigy."	R	R	Legends	134	common	Susan Van Camp		
Caverns of Despair	2RR	4	World Enchantment	"No more than two creatures can attack each combat.
No more than two creatures can block each combat."	R	R	Legends	136	rare	Harold McNeill		
Crevasse	2R	3	Enchantment	Creatures with mountainwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have mountainwalk.	R	R	Legends	138	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Crimson Manticore	2RR	4	Creature ? Manticore	"Flying
{R}, {T}: Crimson Manticore deals 1 damage to target attacking or blocking creature."	R	R	Legends	140	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Disharmony	2R	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat before blockers are declared.
Untap target attacking creature and remove it from combat. Gain control of that creature until end of turn."	R	R	Legends	142	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Dwarven Song	R	1	Instant	Any number of target creatures become red until end of turn.	R	R	Legends	143	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Eternal Warrior	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has vigilance."	R	R	Legends	144	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Feint	R	1	Instant	Tap all creatures blocking target attacking creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by that creature and each creature blocking it.	R	R	Legends	146	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Firestorm Phoenix	4RR	6	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
If Firestorm Phoenix would die, return it to its owner's hand instead. Until that player's next turn, that player plays with that card revealed in their hand and can't play it."	R	R	Legends	147	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Frost Giant	3RRR	6	Creature ? Giant	"Rampage 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	R	R	Legends	148	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Glyph of Destruction	R	1	Instant	Target blocking Wall you control gets +10/+0 until end of combat. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it this turn. Destroy it at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Legends	150	common	Susan Van Camp		
Gravity Sphere	2R	3	World Enchantment	All creatures lose flying.	R	R	Legends	151	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Hyperion Blacksmith	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	{T}: You may tap or untap target artifact an opponent controls.	R	R	Legends	152	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Kobold Drill Sergeant	1R	2	Creature ? Kobold Soldier	Other Kobold creatures you control get +0/+1 and have trample.	R	R	Legends	154	uncommon	Julie Baroh		
Kobold Overlord	1R	2	Creature ? Kobold	"First strike
Other Kobold creatures you control have first strike."	R	R	Legends	155	rare	Julie Baroh		
Quarum Trench Gnomes	3R	4	Creature ? Gnome	"{T}: If target Plains is tapped for mana, it produces colorless mana instead of white mana. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	R	R	Legends	162	rare	Dan Frazier		
Raging Bull	2R	3	Creature ? Ox		R	R	Legends	163	common	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Spinal Villain	2R	3	Creature ? Beast	{T}: Destroy target blue creature.	R	R	Legends	164	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Storm World	R	1	World Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Storm World deals X damage to that player, where X is 4 minus the number of cards in their hand."	R	R	Legends	165	rare	Christopher Rush		
The Brute	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0.
{R}{R}{R}: Regenerate enchanted creature."	R	R	Legends	167	common	Mark Poole		
Wall of Dust	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Wall of Dust blocks a creature, that creature can't attack during its controller's next turn."	R	R	Legends	168	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Wall of Earth	1R	2	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	R	R	Legends	169	common	Richard Thomas		
Winds of Change	R	1	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles the cards from their hand into their library, then draws that many cards."	R	R	Legends	172	uncommon	Justin Hampton		
Aisling Leprechaun	G	1	Creature ? Faerie	"Whenever Aisling Leprechaun blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, that creature becomes green. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	G	G	Legends	173	common	Quinton Hoover		
Arboria	2GG	4	World Enchantment	Creatures can't attack a player unless that player cast a spell or put a nontoken permanent onto the battlefield during their last turn.	G	G	Legends	174	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Barbary Apes	1G	2	Creature ? Ape		G	G	Legends	176	common	Bryon Wackwitz		
Deadfall	2G	3	Enchantment	Creatures with forestwalk can be blocked as though they didn't have forestwalk.	G	G	Legends	181	uncommon	NN Thomas		
Eureka	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Starting with you, each player may put a permanent card from their hand onto the battlefield. Repeat this process until no one puts a card onto the battlefield."	G	G	Legends	185	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Floral Spuzzem	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever Floral Spuzzem attacks and isn't blocked, you may destroy target artifact defending player controls. If you do, Floral Spuzzem assigns no combat damage this turn."	G	G	Legends	187	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Giant Turtle	1GG	3	Creature ? Turtle	Giant Turtle can't attack if it attacked during your last turn.	G	G	Legends	188	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Glyph of Reincarnation	G	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only after combat.
Destroy all creatures that were blocked by target Wall this turn. They can't be regenerated. For each creature that died this way, put a creature card from the graveyard of the player who controlled that creature the last time it became blocked by that Wall onto the battlefield under its owner's control."	G	G	Legends	189	common	Susan Van Camp		
Hornet Cobra	1GG	3	Creature ? Snake	First strike	G	G	Legends	190	common	Sandra Everingham		
Ichneumon Druid	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever an opponent casts an instant spell other than the first instant spell that player casts each turn, Ichneumon Druid deals 4 damage to that player."	G	G	Legends	191	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Killer Bees	1GG	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
{G}: Killer Bees gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Legends	192	rare	Phil Foglio		
Living Plane	2GG	4	World Enchantment	All lands are 1/1 creatures that are still lands.	G	G	Legends	193	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Master of the Hunt	2GG	4	Creature ? Human	"{2}{G}{G}: Create a 1/1 green Wolf creature token named Wolves of the Hunt. It has ""bands with other creatures named Wolves of the Hunt."" (Any creatures named Wolves of the Hunt can attack in a band as long as at least one has ""bands with other creatures named Wolves of the Hunt."" Bands are blocked as a group. If at least two creatures named Wolves of the Hunt you control, one of which has ""bands with other creatures named Wolves of the Hunt,"" are blocking or being blocked by the same creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	G	G	Legends	194	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Pixie Queen	2GG	4	Creature ? Faerie	"Flying
{G}{G}{G}, {T}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn."	G	G	Legends	196	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Pradesh Gypsies	2G	3	Creature ? Human Nomad	"{1}{G}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn."	G	G	Legends	197	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Radjan Spirit	3G	4	Creature ? Spirit	{T}: Target creature loses flying until end of turn.	G	G	Legends	199	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Reincarnation	1GG	3	Instant	"Choose target creature. When that creature dies this turn, return a creature card from its owner's graveyard to the battlefield under the control of that creature's owner."	G	G	Legends	201	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Rust	G	1	Instant	Counter target activated ability from an artifact source. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)	G	G	Legends	203	common	Liz Danforth		
Shelkin Brownie	1G	2	Creature ? Ouphe	"{T}: Target creature loses all ""bands with other"" abilities until end of turn."	G	G	Legends	204	common	Douglas Shuler		
Subdue	G	1	Instant	"Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by target creature this turn. That creature gets +0/+X until end of turn, where X is its converted mana cost."	G	G	Legends	206	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Sylvan Library	1G	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your draw step, you may draw two additional cards. If you do, choose two cards in your hand drawn this turn. For each of those cards, pay 4 life or put the card on top of your library."	G	G	Legends	207	uncommon	Harold McNeill		
Sylvan Paradise	G	1	Instant	Any number of target creatures become green until end of turn.	G	G	Legends	208	uncommon	Randy Asplund-Faith		
Typhoon	2G	3	Sorcery	Typhoon deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of Islands that player controls.	G	G	Legends	209	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Willow Satyr	2GG	4	Creature ? Satyr	"You may choose not to untap Willow Satyr during your untap step.
{T}: Gain control of target legendary creature for as long as you control Willow Satyr and Willow Satyr remains tapped."	G	G	Legends	212	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Winter Blast	XG	1	Sorcery	Tap X target creatures. Winter Blast deals 2 damage to each of those creatures with flying.	G	G	Legends	213	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Wolverine Pack	2GG	4	Creature ? Wolverine	"Rampage 2 (Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn for each creature blocking it beyond the first.)"	G	G	Legends	214	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Wood Elemental	3G	4	Creature ? Elemental	"As Wood Elemental enters the battlefield, sacrifice any number of untapped Forests.
Wood Elemental's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests sacrificed as it entered the battlefield."	G	G	Legends	215	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Adun Oakenshield	BRG	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"{B}{R}{G}, {T}: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Legends	216	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Angus Mackenzie	GWU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"{G}{W}{U}, {T}: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn. Activate this ability only before the combat damage step."	W	W	Legends	217	rare	Bryon Wackwitz		
Basalt Monolith	3	3	Artifact	"Basalt Monolith doesn't untap during your untap step.
{T}: Add {C}{C}{C}.
{3}: Untap Basalt Monolith."			Limited Edition Alpha	231	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Black Vise	1	1	Artifact	"As Black Vise enters the battlefield, choose an opponent.
At the beginning of the chosen player's upkeep, Black Vise deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of cards in their hand minus 4."			Limited Edition Alpha	233	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Celestial Prism	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Limited Edition Alpha	234	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Clockwork Beast	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Beast	"Clockwork Beast enters the battlefield with seven +1/+0 counters on it.
At end of combat, if Clockwork Beast attacked or blocked this combat, remove a +1/+0 counter from it.
{X}, {T}: Put up to X +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Beast. This ability can't cause the total number of +1/+0 counters on Clockwork Beast to be greater than seven. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."			Limited Edition Alpha	236	rare	Drew Tucker		
Conservator	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Prevent the next 2 damage that would be dealt to you this turn."			Limited Edition Alpha	237	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Copper Tablet	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Copper Tablet deals 1 damage to that player."			Limited Edition Alpha	238	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Cyclopean Tomb	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Put a mire counter on target non-Swamp land. That land is a Swamp for as long as it has a mire counter on it. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.
When Cyclopean Tomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, at the beginning of each of your upkeeps for the rest of the game, remove all mire counters from a land that a mire counter was put onto with Cyclopean Tomb but that a mire counter has not been removed from with Cyclopean Tomb."			Limited Edition Alpha	240	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Forcefield	3	3	Artifact	"{1}: The next time an unblocked creature of your choice would deal combat damage to you this turn, prevent all but 1 of that damage."			Limited Edition Alpha	243	rare	Dan Frazier		
Gauntlet of Might	4	4	Artifact	"Red creatures get +1/+1.
Whenever a Mountain is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional {R}."		R	Limited Edition Alpha	244	rare	Christopher Rush		
Helm of Chatzuk	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Target creature gains banding until end of turn. (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding a player controls are blocking or being blocked by a creature, that player divides that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"			Limited Edition Alpha	246	rare	Mark Tedin		
Illusionary Mask	2	2	Artifact	"{X}: You may choose a creature card in your hand whose mana cost could be paid by some amount of, or all of, the mana you spent on {X}. If you do, you may cast that card face down as a 2/2 creature spell without paying its mana cost. If the creature that spell becomes as it resolves has not been turned face up and would assign or deal damage, be dealt damage, or become tapped, instead it's turned face up and assigns or deals damage, is dealt damage, or becomes tapped. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Limited Edition Alpha	249	rare	Amy Weber		
Jade Monolith	4	4	Artifact	"{1}: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to target creature this turn, that source deals that damage to you instead."			Limited Edition Alpha	252	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Kormus Bell	4	4	Artifact	All Swamps are 1/1 black creatures that are still lands.			Limited Edition Alpha	256	rare	Christopher Rush		
Living Wall	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{1}: Regenerate Living Wall."			Limited Edition Alpha	258	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Meekstone	1	1	Artifact	Creatures with power 3 or greater don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.			Limited Edition Alpha	260	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Nevinyrral's Disk	4	4	Artifact	"Nevinyrral's Disk enters the battlefield tapped.
{1}, {T}: Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and enchantments."			Limited Edition Alpha	266	rare	Mark Tedin		
Soul Net	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a creature dies, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Limited Edition Alpha	270	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Sunglasses of Urza	3	3	Artifact	You may spend white mana as though it were red mana.			Limited Edition Alpha	271	rare	Dan Frazier		
Winter Orb	2	2	Artifact	"As long as Winter Orb is untapped, players can't untap more than one land during their untap steps."			Limited Edition Alpha	275	rare	Mark Tedin		
Badlands		0	Land ? Swamp Mountain	({T}: Add {B} or {R}.)		R	Limited Edition Alpha	277	rare	Rob Alexander		
Bayou		0	Land ? Swamp Forest	({T}: Add {B} or {G}.)		G	Limited Edition Alpha	278	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Plateau		0	Land ? Mountain Plains	({T}: Add {R} or {W}.)		W	Limited Edition Alpha	279	rare	Drew Tucker		
Savannah		0	Land ? Forest Plains	({T}: Add {G} or {W}.)		W	Limited Edition Alpha	280	rare	Rob Alexander		
Scrubland		0	Land ? Plains Swamp	({T}: Add {W} or {B}.)		W	Limited Edition Alpha	281	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Taiga		0	Land ? Mountain Forest	({T}: Add {R} or {G}.)		R	Limited Edition Alpha	282	rare	Rob Alexander		
Tropical Island		0	Land ? Forest Island	({T}: Add {G} or {U}.)		U	Limited Edition Alpha	283	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Tundra		0	Land ? Plains Island	({T}: Add {W} or {U}.)		W	Limited Edition Alpha	284	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Underground Sea		0	Land ? Island Swamp	({T}: Add {U} or {B}.)		U	Limited Edition Alpha	285	rare	Rob Alexander		
Animate Wall	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Wall
Enchanted Wall can attack as though it didn't have defender."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	1	rare	Dan Frazier		
Armageddon	3W	4	Sorcery	Destroy all lands.	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	2	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Black Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from black. This effect doesn't remove Black Ward."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	5	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Blaze of Glory	W	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat before blockers are declared.
Target creature defending player controls can block any number of creatures this turn. It blocks each attacking creature this turn if able."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	6	rare	Richard Thomas		
Blue Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from blue. This effect doesn't remove Blue Ward."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	8	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Castle	3W	4	Enchantment	Untapped creatures you control get +0/+2.	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	9	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Conversion	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Conversion unless you pay {W}{W}.
All Mountains are Plains."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	16	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Crusade	WW	2	Enchantment	White creatures get +1/+1.	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	17	rare	Mark Poole		
Farmstead	WWW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay {W}{W}. If you do, you gain 1 life."""	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	20	rare	Mark Poole		
Green Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from green. This effect doesn't remove Green Ward."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	21	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Guardian Angel	XW	1	Instant	"Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to any target this turn. Until end of turn, you may pay {1} any time you could cast an instant. If you do, prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to that permanent or player this turn."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	22	common	Anson Maddocks		
Holy Armor	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2.
{W}: Enchanted creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	24	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Island Sanctuary	1W	2	Enchantment	"If you would draw a card during your draw step, instead you may skip that draw. If you do, until your next turn, you can't be attacked except by creatures with flying and/or islandwalk."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	26	rare	Mark Poole		
Lance	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has first strike."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	28	uncommon	Rob Alexander		
Northern Paladin	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"{W}{W}, {T}: Destroy target black permanent."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	30	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Pearled Unicorn	2W	3	Creature ? Unicorn		W	W	Limited Edition Beta	31	common	Cornelius Brudi		
Personal Incarnation	3WWW	6	Creature ? Avatar Incarnation	"{0}: The next 1 damage that would be dealt to Personal Incarnation this turn is dealt to its owner instead. Only Personal Incarnation's owner may activate this ability.
When Personal Incarnation dies, its owner loses half their life, rounded up."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	32	rare	Kev Brockschmidt		
Purelace	W	1	Instant	Target spell or permanent becomes white. (Mana symbols on that permanent remain unchanged.)	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	33	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Red Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from red. This effect doesn't remove Red Ward."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	34	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Veteran Bodyguard	3WW	5	Creature ? Human	"As long as Veteran Bodyguard is untapped, all damage that would be dealt to you by unblocked creatures is dealt to Veteran Bodyguard instead."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	42	rare	Douglas Shuler		
White Ward	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has protection from white. This effect doesn't remove White Ward."	W	W	Limited Edition Beta	45	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Animate Artifact	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
As long as enchanted artifact isn't a creature, it's an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	49	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Blue Elemental Blast	U	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target red spell.
? Destroy target red permanent."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	50	common	Richard Thomas		
Copy Artifact	1U	2	Enchantment	"You may have Copy Artifact enter the battlefield as a copy of any artifact on the battlefield, except it's an enchantment in addition to its other types."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	54	rare	Amy Weber		
Creature Bond	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, Creature Bond deals damage equal to that creature's toughness to the creature's controller."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	56	common	Anson Maddocks		
Drain Power	UU	2	Sorcery	Target player activates a mana ability of each land they control. Then that player loses all unspent mana and you add the mana lost this way.	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	57	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Feedback	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant enchantment
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted enchantment's controller, Feedback deals 1 damage to that player."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	58	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Lifetap	UU	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a Forest an opponent controls becomes tapped, you gain 1 life."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	62	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Magical Hack	U	1	Instant	"Change the text of target spell or permanent by replacing all instances of one basic land type with another. (For example, you may change ""swampwalk"" to ""plainswalk."" This effect lasts indefinitely.)"	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	64	rare	Julie Baroh		
Mana Short	2U	3	Instant	Tap all lands target player controls and that player loses all unspent mana.	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	66	rare	Dameon Willich		
Power Leak	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant enchantment
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted enchantment's controller, that player may pay any amount of mana. Power Leak deals 2 damage to that player. Prevent X of that damage, where X is the amount of mana that player paid this way."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	72	common	Drew Tucker		
Siren's Call	U	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during an opponent's turn, before attackers are declared.
Creatures the active player controls attack this turn if able.
At the beginning of the next end step, destroy all non-Wall creatures that player controls that didn't attack this turn. Ignore this effect for each creature the player didn't control continuously since the beginning of the turn."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	78	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Stasis	1U	2	Enchantment	"Players skip their untap steps.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Stasis unless you pay {U}."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	81	rare	Fay Jones		
Thoughtlace	U	1	Instant	Target spell or permanent becomes blue. (Mana symbols on that permanent remain unchanged.)	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	83	rare	Mark Poole		
Vesuvan Doppelganger	3UU	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Vesuvan Doppelganger enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it doesn't copy that creature's color and it has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have this creature become a copy of target creature, except it doesn't copy that creature's color and it has this ability."""	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	88	rare	Quinton Hoover		
Volcanic Eruption	XUUU	3	Sorcery	Destroy X target Mountains. Volcanic Eruption deals damage to each creature and each player equal to the number of Mountains put into a graveyard this way.	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	89	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Wall of Water	1UU	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{U}: Wall of Water gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	U	U	Limited Edition Beta	91	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Animate Dead	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature card in a graveyard
When Animate Dead enters the battlefield, if it's on the battlefield, it loses ""enchant creature card in a graveyard"" and gains ""enchant creature put onto the battlefield with Animate Dead."" Return enchanted creature card to the battlefield under your control and attach Animate Dead to it. When Animate Dead leaves the battlefield, that creature's controller sacrifices it.
Enchanted creature gets -1/-0."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	93	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Cursed Land	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted land's controller, Cursed Land deals 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	98	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Deathgrip	BB	2	Enchantment	{B}{B}: Counter target green spell.	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	101	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Deathlace	B	1	Instant	Target spell or permanent becomes black. (Mana symbols on that permanent remain unchanged.)	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	102	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Demonic Hordes	3BBB	6	Creature ? Demon	"{T}: Destroy target land.
At the beginning of your upkeep, unless you pay {B}{B}{B}, tap Demonic Hordes and sacrifice a land of an opponent's choice."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	104	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Frozen Shade	2B	3	Creature ? Shade	{B}: Frozen Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	110	common	Douglas Shuler		
Gloom	2B	3	Enchantment	"White spells cost {3} more to cast.
Activated abilities of white enchantments cost {3} more to activate."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	111	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Lich	BBBB	4	Enchantment	"As Lich enters the battlefield, you lose life equal to your life total.
You don't lose the game for having 0 or less life.
If you would gain life, draw that many cards instead.
Whenever you're dealt damage, sacrifice that many nontoken permanents. If you can't, you lose the game.
When Lich is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you lose the game."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	114	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Nether Shadow	BB	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Haste
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Nether Shadow is in your graveyard with three or more creature cards above it, you may put Nether Shadow onto the battlefield."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	117	rare	Christopher Rush		
Nettling Imp	2B	3	Creature ? Imp	"{T}: Choose target non-Wall creature the active player has controlled continuously since the beginning of the turn. That creature attacks this turn if able. Destroy it at the beginning of the next end step if it didn't attack this turn. Activate this ability only during an opponent's turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	118	uncommon	Quinton Hoover		
Plague Rats	2B	3	Creature ? Rat	Plague Rats's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures named Plague Rats on the battlefield.	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	122	common	Anson Maddocks		
Sacrifice	B	1	Instant	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Add an amount of {B} equal to the sacrificed creature's converted mana cost."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	125	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Scavenging Ghoul	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"At the beginning of each end step, put a corpse counter on Scavenging Ghoul for each creature that died this turn.
Remove a corpse counter from Scavenging Ghoul: Regenerate Scavenging Ghoul."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	127	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Simulacrum	1B	2	Instant	You gain life equal to the damage dealt to you this turn. Simulacrum deals damage to target creature you control equal to the damage dealt to you this turn.	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	129	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Sinkhole	BB	2	Sorcery	Destroy target land.	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	130	common	Sandra Everingham		
Word of Command	BB	2	Instant	"Look at target opponent's hand and choose a card from it. You control that player until Word of Command finishes resolving. The player plays that card if able. While doing so, the player can activate mana abilities only if they're from lands that player controls and only if mana they produce is spent to activate other mana abilities of lands the player controls and/or to play that card. If the chosen card is cast as a spell, you control the player while that spell is resolving."	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	137	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Zombie Master	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Other Zombie creatures have swampwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)
Other Zombies have ""{B}: Regenerate this permanent."""	B	B	Limited Edition Beta	138	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Burrowing	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has mountainwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)"	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	139	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Chaoslace	R	1	Instant	Target spell or permanent becomes red. (Its mana symbols remain unchanged.)	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	140	rare	Dameon Willich		
Dwarven Warriors	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf Warrior	{T}: Target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn.	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	144	common	Douglas Shuler		
Earthbind	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Earthbind enters the battlefield, if enchanted creature has flying, Earthbind deals 2 damage to that creature and Earthbind gains ""Enchanted creature loses flying."""	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	146	common	Quinton Hoover		
False Orders	R	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step.
Remove target creature defending player controls from combat. Creatures it was blocking that had become blocked by only that creature this combat become unblocked. You may have it block an attacking creature of your choice."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	148	common	Anson Maddocks		
Fork	RR	2	Instant	"Copy target instant or sorcery spell, except that the copy is red. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	153	rare	Amy Weber		
Granite Gargoyle	2R	3	Creature ? Gargoyle	"Flying
{R}: Granite Gargoyle gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	156	rare	Christopher Rush		
Gray Ogre	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre		R	R	Limited Edition Beta	157	common	Dan Frazier		
Keldon Warlord	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	Keldon Warlord's power and toughness are each equal to the number of non-Wall creatures you control.	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	161	uncommon	Kev Brockschmidt		
Mana Flare	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player adds one mana of any type that land produced."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	163	rare	Christopher Rush		
Mons's Goblin Raiders	R	1	Creature ? Goblin		R	R	Limited Edition Beta	165	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Power Surge	RR	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Power Surge deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of untapped lands they controlled at the beginning of this turn."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	168	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Raging River	RR	2	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, each defending player divides all creatures without flying they control into a ""left"" pile and a ""right"" pile. Then, for each attacking creature you control, choose ""left"" or ""right."" That creature can't be blocked this combat except by creatures with flying and creatures in a pile with the chosen label."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	169	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Red Elemental Blast	R	1	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target blue spell.
? Destroy target blue permanent."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	170	common	Richard Thomas		
Roc of Kher Ridges	3R	4	Creature ? Bird	Flying	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	171	rare	Andi Rusu		
Rock Hydra	XRR	2	Creature ? Hydra	"Rock Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
For each 1 damage that would be dealt to Rock Hydra, if it has a +1/+1 counter on it, remove a +1/+1 counter from it and prevent that 1 damage.
{R}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to Rock Hydra this turn.
{R}{R}{R}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Rock Hydra. Activate this ability only during your upkeep."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	172	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Sedge Troll	2R	3	Creature ? Troll	"Sedge Troll gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Swamp.
{B}: Regenerate Sedge Troll."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	173	rare	Dan Frazier		
Smoke	RR	2	Enchantment	Players can't untap more than one creature during their untap steps.	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	176	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Tunnel	R	1	Instant	Destroy target Wall. It can't be regenerated.	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	179	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Two-Headed Giant of Foriys	4R	5	Creature ? Giant	"Trample
Two-Headed Giant of Foriys can block an additional creature each combat."	R	R	Limited Edition Beta	180	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Aspect of Wolf	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +X/+Y, where X is half the number of Forests you control, rounded down, and Y is half the number of Forests you control, rounded up."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	185	rare	Jeff A. Menges		
Berserk	G	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only before the combat damage step.
Target creature gains trample and gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is its power. At the beginning of the next end step, destroy that creature if it attacked this turn."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	186	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Camouflage	G	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during your declare attackers step.
This turn, instead of declaring blockers, each defending player chooses any number of creatures they control and divides them into a number of piles equal to the number of attacking creatures for whom that player is the defending player. Creatures those players control that can block additional creatures may likewise be put into additional piles. Assign each pile to a different one of those attacking creatures at random. Each creature in a pile that can block the creature that pile is assigned to does so. (Piles can be empty.)"	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	188	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Elvish Archers	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Archer	First strike	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	192	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Ice Storm	2G	3	Sorcery	Destroy target land.	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	202	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Instill Energy	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can attack as though it had haste.
{0}: Untap enchanted creature. Activate this ability only during your turn and only once each turn."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	203	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Ironroot Treefolk	4G	5	Creature ? Treefolk		G	G	Limited Edition Beta	204	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Kudzu	1GG	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
When enchanted land becomes tapped, destroy it. That land's controller may attach Kudzu to a land of their choice."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	205	rare	Mark Poole		
Lifeforce	GG	2	Enchantment	{G}{G}: Counter target black spell.	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	207	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Lifelace	G	1	Instant	Target spell or permanent becomes green. (Mana symbols on that permanent remain unchanged.)	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	208	rare	Amy Weber		
Living Artifact	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Whenever you're dealt damage, put that many vitality counters on Living Artifact.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may remove a vitality counter from Living Artifact. If you do, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	209	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Living Lands	3G	4	Enchantment	All Forests are 1/1 creatures that are still lands.	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	210	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Natural Selection	G	1	Instant	"Look at the top three cards of target player's library, then put them back in any order. You may have that player shuffle their library."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	213	rare	Mark Poole		
Thicket Basilisk	3GG	5	Creature ? Basilisk	"Whenever Thicket Basilisk blocks or becomes blocked by a non-Wall creature, destroy that creature at end of combat."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	219	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Timber Wolves	G	1	Creature ? Wolf	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	220	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Tsunami	3G	4	Sorcery	Destroy all Islands.	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	222	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Wall of Brambles	2G	3	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{G}: Regenerate Wall of Brambles."	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	224	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Wall of Ice	2G	3	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	G	G	Limited Edition Beta	225	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Ankh of Mishra	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield, Ankh of Mishra deals 2 damage to that land's controller."			Limited Edition Beta	231	rare	Amy Weber		
Volcanic Island		0	Land ? Island Mountain	({T}: Add {U} or {R}.)		U	Limited Edition Beta	287	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Blessing	WW	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
{W}: Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	7	rare	Julie Baroh		
Karma	2WW	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, Karma deals damage to that player equal to the number of Swamps they control."	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	26	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Reverse Damage	1WW	3	Instant	"The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way."	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	35	rare	Dameon Willich		
Righteousness	W	1	Instant	Target blocking creature gets +7/+7 until end of turn.	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	36	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Wall of Swords	3W	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Flying"	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	42	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Steal Artifact	2UU	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
You control enchanted artifact."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	81	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Wall of Air	1UU	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender, flying (This creature can't attack, and it can block creatures with flying.)"	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	89	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Black Knight	BB	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Protection from white (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything white.)"	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	94	uncommon	Jeff A. Menges		
Hypnotic Specter	1BB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Hypnotic Specter deals damage to an opponent, that player discards a card at random."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	112	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Lord of the Pit	4BBB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature other than Lord of the Pit. If you can't, Lord of the Pit deals 7 damage to you."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	114	rare	Mark Tedin		
Nightmare	5B	6	Creature ? Nightmare Horse	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Nightmare's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Swamps you control."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	118	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Royal Assassin	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	{T}: Destroy target tapped creature.	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	123	rare	Tom Wnerstrand		
Wall of Bone	2B	3	Creature ? Skeleton Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{B}: Regenerate Wall of Bone. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	132	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Will-o'-the-Wisp	B	1	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{B}: Regenerate Will-o'-the-Wisp. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	135	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Dwarven Demolition Team	2R	3	Creature ? Dwarf	{T}: Destroy target Wall.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	142	uncommon	Kev Brockschmidt		
Earthquake	XR	1	Sorcery	Earthquake deals X damage to each creature without flying and each player.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	146	rare	Dan Frazier		
Flashfires	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy all Plains.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	151	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Goblin King	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin	Other Goblin creatures get +1/+1 and have mountainwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	154	rare	Jesper Myrfors		
Manabarbs	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a land for mana, Manabarbs deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	163	rare	Christopher Rush		
Orcish Artillery	1RR	3	Creature ? Orc Warrior	{T}: Orcish Artillery deals 2 damage to any target and 3 damage to you.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	165	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Stone Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant	{T}: Target creature you control with toughness less than Stone Giant's power gains flying until end of turn. Destroy that creature at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	176	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Wall of Stone	1RR	3	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	182	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Fungusaur	3G	4	Creature ? Fungus Dinosaur	"Whenever Fungusaur is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	195	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Ley Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Untap target land.	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	205	uncommon	Sandra Everingham		
Verduran Enchantress	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you may draw a card."	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	222	rare	Kev Brockschmidt		
Web	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature (Target a creature as you cast this. This card enters the battlefield attached to that creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 and has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	228	rare	Rob Alexander		
Crystal Rod	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a blue spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Limited Edition Alpha	239	uncommon	Amy Weber		
Dingus Egg	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever a land is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Dingus Egg deals 2 damage to that land's controller."			Limited Edition Alpha	241	rare	Dan Frazier		
Disrupting Scepter	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Target player discards a card. Activate this ability only during your turn."			Limited Edition Alpha	242	rare	Dan Frazier		
Howling Mine	2	2	Artifact	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, if Howling Mine is untapped, that player draws an additional card."			Limited Edition Alpha	247	rare	Mark Poole		
Iron Star	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a red spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Limited Edition Alpha	250	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Ivory Cup	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a white spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Limited Edition Alpha	251	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Jade Statue	4	4	Artifact	{2}: Jade Statue becomes a 3/6 Golem artifact creature until end of combat. Activate this ability only during combat.			Limited Edition Alpha	253	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Jayemdae Tome	4	4	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Draw a card."			Limited Edition Alpha	254	rare	Mark Tedin		
Rod of Ruin	4	4	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Rod of Ruin deals 1 damage to any target."			Limited Edition Alpha	268	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
The Hive	5	5	Artifact	"{5}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Insect artifact creature token with flying named Wasp. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)"			Limited Edition Alpha	272	rare	Sandra Everingham		
Throne of Bone	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a black spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Limited Edition Alpha	273	uncommon	Anson Maddocks		
Wooden Sphere	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a player casts a green spell, you may pay {1}. If you do, you gain 1 life."			Limited Edition Alpha	276	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Benalish Hero	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	4	common	Douglas Shuler		
Holy Strength	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2."	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	24	common	Anson Maddocks		
Mesa Pegasus	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying; banding (Any creatures with banding, and up to one without, can attack in a band. Bands are blocked as a group. If any creatures with banding you control are blocking or being blocked by a creature, you divide that creature's combat damage, not its controller, among any of the creatures it's being blocked by or is blocking.)"	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	28	common	Melissa A. Benson		
Samite Healer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.	W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	37	common	Tom Wnerstrand		
Savannah Lions	W	1	Creature ? Cat		W	W	Limited Edition Alpha	38	rare	Daniel Gelon		
Flight	U	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has flying."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	58	common	Anson Maddocks		
Invisibility	UU	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't be blocked except by Walls."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	59	common	Anson Maddocks		
Jump	U	1	Instant	Target creature gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	60	common	Mark Poole		
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk		U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	66	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Phantasmal Forces	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Phantasmal Forces unless you pay {U}."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	67	uncommon	Mark Poole		
Phantom Monster	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion	Flying	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	69	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Psychic Venom	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, Psychic Venom deals 2 damage to that land's controller."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	75	common	Brian Sn?ddy		
Sea Serpent	5U	6	Creature ? Serpent	"Sea Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.
When you control no Islands, sacrifice Sea Serpent."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	76	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Twiddle	U	1	Instant	"You may tap or untap target artifact, creature, or land."	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	85	common	Rob Alexander		
Drudge Skeletons	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton	"{B}: Regenerate Drudge Skeletons. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	106	common	Sandra Everingham		
Paralyze	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Paralyze enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player may pay {4}. If the player does, untap the creature."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	119	common	Anson Maddocks		
Raise Dead	B	1	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	122	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Scathe Zombies	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie		B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	125	common	Jesper Myrfors		
Unholy Strength	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	131	common	Douglas Shuler		
Warp Artifact	BB	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted artifact's controller, Warp Artifact deals 1 damage to that player."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	133	rare	Amy Weber		
Weakness	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-1."	B	B	Limited Edition Alpha	134	common	Douglas Shuler		
Goblin Balloon Brigade	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	{R}: Goblin Balloon Brigade gains flying until end of turn.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	153	uncommon	Andi Rusu		
Hill Giant	3R	4	Creature ? Giant		R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	157	common	Dan Frazier		
Hurloon Minotaur	1RR	3	Creature ? Minotaur		R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	158	common	Anson Maddocks		
Ironclaw Orcs	1R	2	Creature ? Orc	Ironclaw Orcs can't block creatures with power 2 or greater.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	159	common	Anson Maddocks		
Orcish Oriflamme	3R	4	Enchantment	Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	166	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Wall of Fire	1RR	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{R}: Wall of Fire gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Limited Edition Alpha	181	uncommon	Richard Thomas		
Craw Wurm	4GG	6	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	190	common	Daniel Gelon		
Grizzly Bears	1G	2	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	199	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Shanodin Dryads	G	1	Creature ? Nymph Dryad	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	216	common	Anson Maddocks		
Stream of Life	XG	1	Sorcery	Target player gains X life.	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	217	common	Mark Poole		
Wall of Wood	G	1	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	225	common	Mark Tedin		
Wanderlust	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, Wanderlust deals 1 damage to that player."	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	226	uncommon	Cornelius Brudi		
War Mammoth	3G	4	Creature ? Elephant	Trample	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	227	common	Jeff A. Menges		
Glasses of Urza	1	1	Artifact	{T}: Look at target player's hand.			Limited Edition Alpha	245	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Library of Leng	1	1	Artifact	"You have no maximum hand size.
If an effect causes you to discard a card, discard it, but you may put it on top of your library instead of into your graveyard."			Limited Edition Alpha	257	uncommon	Daniel Gelon		
Obsianus Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem				Limited Edition Alpha	267	uncommon	Jesper Myrfors		
Braingeyser	XUU	2	Sorcery	Target player draws X cards.	U	U	Limited Edition Alpha	50	rare	Mark Tedin		
Regrowth	1G	2	Sorcery	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.	G	G	Limited Edition Alpha	214	uncommon	Dameon Willich		
Nightmare's Thirst	B	1	Instant	"You gain 1 life. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn."	B	B	Core Set 2019	111	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Open the Graves	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Core Set 2019	112	rare	Vincent Proce		
Phylactery Lich	BBB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Indestructible
As Phylactery Lich enters the battlefield, put a phylactery counter on an artifact you control.
When you control no permanents with phylactery counters on them, sacrifice Phylactery Lich."	B	B	Core Set 2019	113	rare	Michael Komarck		
Plague Mare	1BB	3	Creature ? Nightmare Horse	"Plague Mare can't be blocked by white creatures.
When Plague Mare enters the battlefield, creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Core Set 2019	114	uncommon	G-host Lee		
Ravenous Harpy	2B	3	Creature ? Harpy	"Flying
{1}, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Ravenous Harpy."	B	B	Core Set 2019	115	uncommon	Sam Rowan		
Reassembling Skeleton	1B	2	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	{1}{B}: Return Reassembling Skeleton from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	B	B	Core Set 2019	116	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Skeleton Archer	3B	4	Creature ? Skeleton Archer	"When Skeleton Archer enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any target."	B	B	Core Set 2019	118	common	Randy Vargas		
Sovereign's Bite	1B	2	Sorcery	Target player loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	B	B	Core Set 2019	120	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Stitcher's Supplier	B	1	Creature ? Zombie	"When Stitcher's Supplier enters the battlefield or dies, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard."	B	B	Core Set 2019	121	uncommon	Chris Seaman		
Strangling Spores	3B	4	Instant	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.	B	B	Core Set 2019	122	common	Jason A. Engle		
Two-Headed Zombie	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	B	B	Core Set 2019	123	common	Josh Hass		
Vampire Neonate	B	1	Creature ? Vampire	"{2}, {T}: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Core Set 2019	124	common	Daarken		
Vampire Sovereign	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
When Vampire Sovereign enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life."	B	B	Core Set 2019	125	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Alpine Moon	R	1	Enchantment	"As Alpine Moon enters the battlefield, choose a nonbasic land card name.
Lands your opponents control with the chosen name lose all land types and abilities, and they gain ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	R	R	Core Set 2019	128	rare	Alayna Danner		
Apex of Power	7RRR	10	Sorcery	"Exile the top seven cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may cast nonland cards exiled this way.
If this spell was cast from your hand, add ten mana of any one color."	R	R	Core Set 2019	129	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Boggart Brute	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Core Set 2019	131	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Catalyst Elemental	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	Sacrifice Catalyst Elemental: Add {R}{R}.	R	R	Core Set 2019	132	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Dark-Dweller Oracle	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. (You still pay its costs. You can play a land this way only if you have an available land play remaining.)"	R	R	Core Set 2019	134	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
Demanding Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Demanding Dragon enters the battlefield, it deals 5 damage to target opponent unless that player sacrifices a creature."	R	R	Core Set 2019	135	rare	Chris Rahn		
Dismissive Pyromancer	1R	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{R}, {T}, Discard a card: Draw a card.
{2}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Dismissive Pyromancer: It deals 4 damage to target creature."	R	R	Core Set 2019	136	rare	Bram Sels		
Doublecast	RR	2	Sorcery	"When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Core Set 2019	137	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Dragon Egg	2R	3	Creature ? Dragon Egg	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Dragon Egg dies, create a 2/2 red Dragon creature token with flying and ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Core Set 2019	138	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Fiery Finish	4RR	6	Sorcery	Fiery Finish deals 7 damage to target creature.	R	R	Core Set 2019	140	uncommon	Joe Slucher		
Goblin Instigator	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"When Goblin Instigator enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token."	R	R	Core Set 2019	142	common	Filip Burburan		
Goblin Motivator	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	{T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)	R	R	Core Set 2019	143	common	Johann Bodin		
Goblin Trashmaster	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Other Goblins you control get +1/+1.
Sacrifice a Goblin: Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Core Set 2019	144	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Havoc Devils	2RR	4	Creature ? Devil	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	R	R	Core Set 2019	146	common	Viktor Titov		
Hostile Minotaur	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Core Set 2019	147	common	Joe Slucher		
Inferno Hellion	3R	4	Creature ? Hellion	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
At the beginning of each end step, if Inferno Hellion attacked or blocked this turn, its owner shuffles it into their library."	R	R	Core Set 2019	148	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
"Lathliss, Dragon Queen"	4RR	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever another nontoken Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying.
{1}{R}: Dragons you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Core Set 2019	149	rare	Alex Konstad		
Lightning Mare	RR	2	Creature ? Elemental Horse	"This spell can't be countered.
Lightning Mare can't be blocked by blue creatures.
{1}{R}: Lightning Mare gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Core Set 2019	151	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Onakke Ogre	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior		R	R	Core Set 2019	153	common	Mathias Kollros		
"Sarkhan, Fireblood"	1RR	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"+1: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
+1: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast Dragon spells.
?7: Create four 5/5 red Dragon creature tokens with flying."	R	R	Core Set 2019	154	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Sarkhan's Unsealing	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell with power 4, 5, or 6, Sarkhan's Unsealing deals 4 damage to any target.
Whenever you cast a creature spell with power 7 or greater, Sarkhan's Unsealing deals 4 damage to each opponent and each creature and planeswalker they control."	R	R	Core Set 2019	155	rare	Daarken		
Siegebreaker Giant	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
{3}{R}: Target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Core Set 2019	157	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
Smelt	R	1	Instant	Destroy target artifact.	R	R	Core Set 2019	158	common	Zoltan Boros		
Sparktongue Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Sparktongue Dragon enters the battlefield, you may pay {2}{R}. When you do, it deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Core Set 2019	159	common	Daarken		
Spit Flame	2R	3	Instant	"Spit Flame deals 4 damage to target creature.
Whenever a Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {R}. If you do, return Spit Flame from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Core Set 2019	160	rare	Chris Rahn		
Tectonic Rift	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land. Creatures without flying can't block this turn.	R	R	Core Set 2019	162	uncommon	John Avon		
Thud	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Thud deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature's power to any target."	R	R	Core Set 2019	163	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Viashino Pyromancer	1R	2	Creature ? Viashino Wizard	"When Viashino Pyromancer enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Core Set 2019	166	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Volley Veteran	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"When Volley Veteran enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target creature an opponent controls equal to the number of Goblins you control."	R	R	Core Set 2019	168	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Bristling Boar	3G	4	Creature ? Boar	Bristling Boar can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	Core Set 2019	170	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Centaur Courser	2G	3	Creature ? Centaur Warrior		G	G	Core Set 2019	171	common	Vance Kovacs		
Colossal Majesty	2G	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, draw a card."	G	G	Core Set 2019	173	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Declare Dominance	3GG	5	Sorcery	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. All creatures able to block it this turn do so.	G	G	Core Set 2019	175	uncommon	Simon Dominic		
Druid of Horns	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"Whenever you cast an Aura spell that targets Druid of Horns, create a 3/3 green Beast creature token."	G	G	Core Set 2019	176	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Dryad Greenseeker	1G	2	Creature ? Dryad	"{T}: Look at the top card of your library. If it's a land card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand."	G	G	Core Set 2019	178	uncommon	Greg Opalinski		
Elvish Clancaller	GG	2	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Other Elves you control get +1/+1.
{4}{G}{G}, {T}: Search your library for a card named Elvish Clancaller, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Core Set 2019	179	rare	Matt Stewart		
Elvish Rejuvenator	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Elvish Rejuvenator enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield tapped. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Core Set 2019	180	common	Winona Nelson		
Ghastbark Twins	5GG	7	Creature ? Treefolk	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Ghastbark Twins can block an additional creature each combat."	G	G	Core Set 2019	181	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Gigantosaurus	GGGGG	5	Creature ? Dinosaur		G	G	Core Set 2019	185	rare	Jonathan Kuo		
"Goreclaw, Terror of Qal Sisma"	3G	4	Legendary Creature ? Bear	"Creature spells you cast with power 4 or greater cost {2} less to cast.
Whenever Goreclaw, Terror of Qal Sisma attacks, each creature you control with power 4 or greater gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Core Set 2019	186	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Greenwood Sentinel	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	G	G	Core Set 2019	187	common	Johann Bodin		
Hungering Hydra	XG	1	Creature ? Hydra	"Hungering Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Hungering Hydra can't be blocked by more than one creature.
Whenever Hungering Hydra is dealt damage, put that many +1/+1 counters on it. (It must survive the damage to get the counters.)"	G	G	Core Set 2019	189	rare	Daarken		
Oakenform	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3."	G	G	Core Set 2019	191	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Prodigious Growth	4GG	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +7/+7 and has trample."	G	G	Core Set 2019	194	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Reclamation Sage	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Reclamation Sage enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Core Set 2019	196	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Rhox Oracle	4G	5	Creature ? Rhino Monk	"When Rhox Oracle enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Core Set 2019	198	common	Dan Scott		
Runic Armasaur	1GG	3	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Whenever an opponent activates an ability of a creature or land that isn't a mana ability, you may draw a card."	G	G	Core Set 2019	200	rare	Randy Vargas		
Talons of Wildwood	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
{2}{G}: Return Talons of Wildwood from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Core Set 2019	202	common	Uriah Voth		
Thorn Lieutenant	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever Thorn Lieutenant becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token.
{5}{G}: Thorn Lieutenant gets +4/+4 until end of turn."	G	G	Core Set 2019	203	rare	Uriah Voth		
Titanic Growth	1G	2	Instant	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.	G	G	Core Set 2019	205	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Vigilant Baloth	3GG	5	Creature ? Beast	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	G	G	Core Set 2019	206	uncommon	Uriah Voth		
Vine Mare	2GG	4	Creature ? Elemental Horse	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Vine Mare can't be blocked by black creatures."	G	G	Core Set 2019	207	uncommon	Alex Konstad		
Vivien Reid	3GG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vivien	"+1: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
?3: Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.
?8: You get an emblem with ""Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have vigilance, trample, and indestructible."""	G	G	Core Set 2019	208	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
Vivien's Invocation	5GG	7	Sorcery	"Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. When a creature is put onto the battlefield this way, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature an opponent controls."	G	G	Core Set 2019	209	rare	Johannes Voss		
Wall of Vines	G	1	Creature ? Plant Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Core Set 2019	210	common	John Stanko		
Aerial Engineer	2WU	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"As long as you control an artifact, Aerial Engineer gets +2/+0 and has flying."	W	W	Core Set 2019	211	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
"Arcades, the Strategist"	1GWU	4	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying, vigilance
Whenever a creature with defender enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.
Each creature you control with defender assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power and can attack as though it didn't have defender."	W	W	Core Set 2019	212	mythic	Even Amundsen		
Brawl-Bash Ogre	2BR	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Whenever Brawl-Bash Ogre attacks, you may sacrifice another creature. If you do, Brawl-Bash Ogre gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	R	R	Core Set 2019	213	uncommon	Even Amundsen		
"Chromium, the Mutable"	4WUB	7	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flash
This spell can't be countered.
Flying
Discard a card: Until end of turn, Chromium, the Mutable becomes a Human with base power and toughness 1/1, loses all abilities, and gains hexproof. It can't be blocked this turn."	W	W	Core Set 2019	214	mythic	Chase Stone		
Draconic Disciple	1RG	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
{7}, {T}, Sacrifice Draconic Disciple: Create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Core Set 2019	215	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Heroic Reinforcements	2RW	4	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens. Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste. (They can attack and {T} this turn.)"	W	W	Core Set 2019	217	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
"Palladia-Mors, the Ruiner"	3RGW	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying, vigilance, trample
Palladia-Mors, the Ruiner has hexproof if it hasn't dealt damage yet."	W	W	Core Set 2019	219	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Poison-Tip Archer	2BG	4	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Whenever another creature dies, each opponent loses 1 life."	G	G	Core Set 2019	220	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Psychic Symbiont	4UB	6	Creature ? Nightmare Horror	"Flying
When Psychic Symbiont enters the battlefield, target opponent discards a card and you draw a card."	U	U	Core Set 2019	221	uncommon	Robbie Trevino		
Regal Bloodlord	3WB	5	Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"Flying
At the beginning of each end step, if you gained life this turn, create a 1/1 black Bat creature token with flying."	W	W	Core Set 2019	222	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Satyr Enchanter	1GW	3	Creature ? Satyr Druid	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card."	W	W	Core Set 2019	223	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Skyrider Patrol	2GU	4	Creature ? Elf Scout	"Flying
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay {G}{U}. When you do, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control, and that creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Core Set 2019	224	uncommon	Mitchell Malloy		
"Vaevictis Asmadi, the Dire"	3BRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Vaevictis Asmadi, the Dire attacks, for each player, choose target permanent that player controls. Those players sacrifice those permanents. Each player who sacrificed a permanent this way reveals the top card of their library, then puts it onto the battlefield if it's a permanent card."	R	R	Core Set 2019	225	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Amulet of Safekeeping	2	2	Artifact	"Whenever you become the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays {1}.
Creature tokens get -1/-0."			Core Set 2019	226	rare	Aaron Miller		
Arcane Encyclopedia	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Draw a card."			Core Set 2019	227	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Chaos Wand	3	3	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Target opponent exiles cards from the top of their library until they exile an instant or sorcery card. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then put the exiled cards that weren't cast this way on the bottom of that library in a random order."			Core Set 2019	228	rare	Kari Christensen		
Desecrated Tomb	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever one or more creature cards leave your graveyard, create a 1/1 black Bat creature token with flying."			Core Set 2019	230	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Diamond Mare	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Horse	"As Diamond Mare enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever you cast a spell of the chosen color, you gain 1 life."			Core Set 2019	231	uncommon	Alayna Danner		
Dragon's Hoard	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, put a gold counter on Dragon's Hoard.
{T}, Remove a gold counter from Dragon's Hoard: Draw a card.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Core Set 2019	232	rare	Adam Paquette		
Fountain of Renewal	1	1	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life.
{3}, Sacrifice Fountain of Renewal: Draw a card."			Core Set 2019	235	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Gargoyle Sentinel	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{3}: Until end of turn, Gargoyle Sentinel loses defender and gains flying."			Core Set 2019	236	uncommon	Drew Baker		
Gearsmith Guardian	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Gearsmith Guardian gets +2/+0 as long as you control a blue creature.			Core Set 2019	237	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Marauder's Axe	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Core Set 2019	240	common	Mitchell Malloy		
Meteor Golem	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"When Meteor Golem enters the battlefield, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls."			Core Set 2019	241	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Rogue's Gloves	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Core Set 2019	243	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Sigiled Sword of Valeron	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0, has vigilance, and is a Knight in addition to its other types.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance that's attacking.
Equip {3}"			Core Set 2019	244	rare	John Stanko		
Skyscanner	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Thopter	"Flying
When Skyscanner enters the battlefield, draw a card."			Core Set 2019	245	common	Adam Paquette		
Suspicious Bookcase	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{3}, {T}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn."			Core Set 2019	246	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Transmogrifying Wand	3	3	Artifact	"Transmogrifying Wand enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
{1}, {T}, Remove a charge counter from Transmogrifying Wand: Destroy target creature. Its controller creates a 2/4 white Ox creature token. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Core Set 2019	247	rare	Aaron Miller		
Ajani's Influence	2WW	4	Sorcery	"Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.
Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a white card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	Core Set 2019	282	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Court Cleric	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Court Cleric gets +1/+1 as long as you control an Ajani planeswalker."	W	W	Core Set 2019	283	uncommon	Mark Behm		
Serra's Guardian	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Other creatures you control have vigilance."	W	W	Core Set 2019	284	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Silverbeak Griffin	WW	2	Creature ? Griffin	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	W	W	Core Set 2019	285	common	Viktor Titov		
Riddlemaster Sphinx	4UU	6	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Riddlemaster Sphinx enters the battlefield, you may return target creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand."	U	U	Core Set 2019	287	rare	Ryan Yee		
Tezzeret's Gatebreaker	4	4	Artifact	"When Tezzeret's Gatebreaker enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a blue or artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
{5}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Tezzeret's Gatebreaker: Creatures you control can't be blocked this turn."		U	Core Set 2019	289	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Tezzeret's Strider	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"As long as you control a Tezzeret planeswalker, Tezzeret's Strider has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"			Core Set 2019	290	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Arisen Gorgon	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Gorgon	Arisen Gorgon has deathtouch as long as you control a Liliana planeswalker. (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Core Set 2019	292	uncommon	Livia Prima		
Gravewaker	4BB	6	Creature ? Bird Spirit	"Flying
{5}{B}{B}: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	B	B	Core Set 2019	293	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Liliana's Spoils	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent discards a card.
Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a black card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	B	B	Core Set 2019	294	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Kargan Dragonrider	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"As long as you control a Dragon, Kargan Dragonrider has flying. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)"	R	R	Core Set 2019	297	common	Greg Opalinski		
Sarkhan's Dragonfire	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Sarkhan's Dragonfire deals 3 damage to any target.
Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a red card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	R	R	Core Set 2019	298	rare	Daarken		
Sarkhan's Whelp	2R	3	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever you activate an ability of a Sarkhan planeswalker, Sarkhan's Whelp deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Core Set 2019	299	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Aggressive Mammoth	3GGG	6	Creature ? Elephant	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Other creatures you control have trample."	G	G	Core Set 2019	302	rare	Filip Burburan		
Skalla Wolf	3GG	5	Creature ? Wolf Spirit	"When Skalla Wolf enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a green card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Core Set 2019	303	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Ursine Champion	1G	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	{5}{G}: Ursine Champion gets +3/+3 and becomes a Bear Berserker until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.	G	G	Core Set 2019	304	common	Alex Konstad		
Vivien's Jaguar	2G	3	Creature ? Cat Spirit	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
{2}{G}: Return Vivien's Jaguar from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if you control a Vivien planeswalker."	G	G	Core Set 2019	305	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Detection Tower		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Until end of turn, your opponents and creatures your opponents control with hexproof can be the targets of spells and abilities you control as though they didn't have hexproof."			Core Set 2019	249	rare	Adam Paquette		
Djinn of Wishes	3UU	5	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Djinn of Wishes enters the battlefield with three wish counters on it.
{2}{U}{U}, Remove a wish counter from Djinn of Wishes: Reveal the top card of your library. You may play that card without paying its mana cost. If you don't, exile it."	U	U	Magic 2010	50	rare	Kev Walker		
Sleep	2UU	4	Sorcery	Tap all creatures target player controls. Those creatures don't untap during that player's next untap step.	U	U	Magic 2010	71	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Omniscience	7UUU	10	Enchantment	You may cast spells from your hand without paying their mana costs.	U	U	Magic 2013	63	mythic	Jason Chan		
Switcheroo	4U	5	Sorcery	Exchange control of two target creatures.	U	U	Magic 2013	71	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Windreader Sphinx	5UU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever a creature with flying attacks, you may draw a card."	U	U	Magic 2014	81	mythic	Min Yum		
Infernal Scarring	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has ""When this creature dies, draw a card."""	B	B	Magic Origins	102	common	Mike Bierek		
Angelic Guardian	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, they gain indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	M19 Gift Pack	1	rare	Sara Winters		
Angler Turtle	5UU	7	Creature ? Turtle	"Hexproof
Creatures your opponents control attack each combat if able."	U	U	M19 Gift Pack	2	rare	Alex Konstad		
Vengeant Vampire	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Lifelink
When Vengeant Vampire dies, destroy target creature an opponent controls and you gain 4 life."	B	B	M19 Gift Pack	3	rare	Mitchell Malloy		
Immortal Phoenix	4RR	6	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Immortal Phoenix dies, return it to its owner's hand."	R	R	M19 Gift Pack	4	rare	Daarken		
Rampaging Brontodon	5GG	7	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample
Whenever Rampaging Brontodon attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each land you control."	G	G	M19 Gift Pack	5	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Nexus of Fate	5UU	7	Instant	"Take an extra turn after this one.
If Nexus of Fate would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Nexus of Fate and shuffle it into its owner's library instead."	U	U	Core Set 2019	306	mythic	Mike Bierek		
"Ajani, Wise Counselor"	3WW	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+2: You gain 1 life for each creature you control.
?3: Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.
?9: Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is your life total."	W	W	Core Set 2019	281	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Tezzeret, Cruel Machinist"	4UU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"+1: Draw a card.
0: Until your next turn, target artifact you control becomes a 5/5 creature in addition to its other types.
?7: Put any number of cards from your hand onto the battlefield face down. They're 5/5 artifact creatures."	U	U	Core Set 2019	286	mythic	Zack Stella		
"Liliana, the Necromancer"	3BB	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Target player loses 2 life.
?1: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
?7: Destroy up to two target creatures. Put up to two creature cards from graveyards onto the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Core Set 2019	291	mythic	Livia Prima		
"Sarkhan, Dragonsoul"	4RR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Sarkhan	"+2: Sarkhan, Dragonsoul deals 1 damage to each opponent and each creature your opponents control.
?3: Sarkhan, Dragonsoul deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.
?9: Search your library for any number of Dragon creature cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Core Set 2019	296	mythic	Yongjae Choi		
Vivien of the Arkbow	4GG	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Vivien	"+2: Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.
?3: Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.
?9: Creatures you control get +4/+4 and gain trample until end of turn."	G	G	Core Set 2019	301	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Aegis of the Heavens	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+7 until end of turn.	W	W	Core Set 2019	1	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Aethershield Artificer	3W	4	Creature ? Dwarf Artificer	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, target artifact creature you control gets +2/+2 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Core Set 2019	2	uncommon	Izzy		
"Ajani, Adversary of Tyrants"	2WW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+1: Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.
?2: Return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
?7: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of your end step, create three 1/1 white Cat creature tokens with lifelink."""	W	W	Core Set 2019	3	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Ajani's Last Stand	2WW	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature or planeswalker you control dies, you may sacrifice Ajani's Last Stand. If you do, create a 4/4 white Avatar creature token with flying.
When a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard this card, if you control a Plains, create a 4/4 white Avatar creature token with flying."	W	W	Core Set 2019	4	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Ajani's Welcome	W	1	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Core Set 2019	6	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Angel of the Dawn	4W	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of the Dawn enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn. (Attacking doesn't cause them to tap.)"	W	W	Core Set 2019	7	common	Livia Prima		
Cavalry Drillmaster	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"When Cavalry Drillmaster enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Core Set 2019	8	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Cleansing Nova	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Destroy all creatures.
? Destroy all artifacts and enchantments."	W	W	Core Set 2019	9	rare	Noah Bradley		
Daybreak Chaplain	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Core Set 2019	10	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Dwarven Priest	3W	4	Creature ? Dwarf Cleric	"When Dwarven Priest enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature you control."	W	W	Core Set 2019	11	common	Even Amundsen		
Gallant Cavalry	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
When Gallant Cavalry enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance."	W	W	Core Set 2019	12	common	Craig J Spearing		
Herald of Faith	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Whenever Herald of Faith attacks, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Core Set 2019	13	uncommon	Tommy Arnold		
Hieromancer's Cage	3W	4	Enchantment	"When Hieromancer's Cage enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Hieromancer's Cage leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Core Set 2019	14	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Isolate	W	1	Instant	Exile target permanent with converted mana cost 1.	W	W	Core Set 2019	17	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Knight of the Tusk	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Knight	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	W	W	Core Set 2019	18	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Knight's Pledge	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2."	W	W	Core Set 2019	19	common	Magali Villeneuve		
"Lena, Selfless Champion"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"When Lena, Selfless Champion enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token for each nontoken creature you control.
Sacrifice Lena: Creatures you control with power less than Lena's power gain indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Core Set 2019	21	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Leonin Vanguard	W	1	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control three or more creatures, Leonin Vanguard gets +1/+1 until end of turn and you gain 1 life."	W	W	Core Set 2019	22	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Leonin Warleader	2WW	4	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Whenever Leonin Warleader attacks, create two 1/1 white Cat creature tokens with lifelink that are tapped and attacking."	W	W	Core Set 2019	23	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Loxodon Line Breaker	2W	3	Creature ? Elephant Soldier		W	W	Core Set 2019	24	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Militia Bugler	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
When Militia Bugler enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card with power 2 or less from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	W	W	Core Set 2019	29	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Novice Knight	W	1	Creature ? Human Knight	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
As long as Novice Knight is enchanted or equipped, it can attack as though it didn't have defender."	W	W	Core Set 2019	30	uncommon	Yongjae Choi		
Remorseful Cleric	1W	2	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"Flying
Sacrifice Remorseful Cleric: Exile all cards from target player's graveyard."	W	W	Core Set 2019	33	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Resplendent Angel	1WW	3	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
At the beginning of each end step, if you gained 5 or more life this turn, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.
{3}{W}{W}{W}: Until end of turn, Resplendent Angel gets +2/+2 and gains lifelink."	W	W	Core Set 2019	34	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Revitalize	1W	2	Instant	"You gain 3 life.
Draw a card."	W	W	Core Set 2019	35	common	Matt Stewart		
Rustwing Falcon	W	1	Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Core Set 2019	36	common	Paul Scott Canavan		
Shield Mare	1WW	3	Creature ? Horse	"Shield Mare can't be blocked by red creatures.
When Shield Mare enters the battlefield or becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Core Set 2019	37	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Star-Crowned Stag	3W	4	Creature ? Elk	"Whenever Star-Crowned Stag attacks, tap target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Core Set 2019	38	common	Jonathan Kuo		
Suncleanser	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Suncleanser enters the battlefield, choose one ?
? Remove all counters from target creature. It can't have counters put on it for as long as Suncleanser remains on the battlefield.
? Target opponent loses all counters. That player can't get counters for as long as Suncleanser remains on the battlefield."	W	W	Core Set 2019	39	rare	Mark Zug		
Take Vengeance	1W	2	Sorcery	Destroy target tapped creature.	W	W	Core Set 2019	40	common	Randy Vargas		
Trusty Packbeast	2W	3	Creature ? Beast	"When Trusty Packbeast enters the battlefield, return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."	W	W	Core Set 2019	41	common	John Stanko		
Valiant Knight	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Other Knights you control get +1/+1.
{3}{W}{W}: Knights you control gain double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Core Set 2019	42	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Aether Tunnel	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and can't be blocked."	U	U	Core Set 2019	43	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Aven Wind Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Aven Wind Mage gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Core Set 2019	45	common	Lius Lasahido		
Aviation Pioneer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Aviation Pioneer enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."	U	U	Core Set 2019	46	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Departed Deckhand	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit Pirate	"When Departed Deckhand becomes the target of a spell, sacrifice it.
Departed Deckhand can't be blocked except by Spirits.
{3}{U}: Another target creature you control can't be blocked this turn except by Spirits."	U	U	Core Set 2019	49	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Dwindle	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -6/-0.
When enchanted creature blocks, destroy it. (The attacking creature remains blocked.)"	U	U	Core Set 2019	53	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Exclusion Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Exclusion Mage enters the battlefield, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand."	U	U	Core Set 2019	55	uncommon	Chris Seaman		
Frilled Sea Serpent	4UU	6	Creature ? Serpent	{5}{U}{U}: Frilled Sea Serpent can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Core Set 2019	56	common	Steven Belledin		
Gearsmith Prodigy	U	1	Creature ? Human Artificer	Gearsmith Prodigy gets +1/+0 as long as you control an artifact.	U	U	Core Set 2019	57	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Metamorphic Alteration	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
As Metamorphic Alteration enters the battlefield, choose a creature.
Enchanted creature is a copy of the chosen creature."	U	U	Core Set 2019	60	rare	Livia Prima		
Mirror Image	2U	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	You may have Mirror Image enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature you control.	U	U	Core Set 2019	61	uncommon	Randy Vargas		
Mistcaller	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Sacrifice Mistcaller: Until end of turn, if a nontoken creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn't cast, exile it instead."	U	U	Core Set 2019	62	rare	Ryan Yee		
Mystic Archaeologist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{3}{U}{U}: Draw two cards.	U	U	Core Set 2019	63	rare	Eric Deschamps		
One with the Machine	3U	4	Sorcery	Draw cards equal to the highest converted mana cost among artifacts you control.	U	U	Core Set 2019	66	rare	Chase Stone		
Patient Rebuilding	3UU	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, target opponent puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard, then you draw a card for each land card put into that graveyard this way."	U	U	Core Set 2019	67	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Psychic Corrosion	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you draw a card, each opponent puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Core Set 2019	68	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
"Sai, Master Thopterist"	2U	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"Whenever you cast an artifact spell, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
{1}{U}, Sacrifice two artifacts: Draw a card."	U	U	Core Set 2019	69	rare	Adam Paquette		
Salvager of Secrets	3UU	5	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Salvager of Secrets enters the battlefield, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Core Set 2019	70	common	Lars Grant-West		
Scholar of Stars	3U	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Scholar of Stars enters the battlefield, if you control an artifact, draw a card."	U	U	Core Set 2019	71	common	Tommy Arnold		
Skilled Animator	2U	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Skilled Animator enters the battlefield, target artifact you control becomes an artifact creature with base power and toughness 5/5 for as long as Skilled Animator remains on the battlefield."	U	U	Core Set 2019	73	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Supreme Phantom	1U	2	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Other Spirits you control get +1/+1."	U	U	Core Set 2019	76	rare	Robbie Trevino		
Surge Mare	UU	2	Creature ? Horse Fish	"Surge Mare can't be blocked by green creatures.
Whenever Surge Mare deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
{1}{U}: Surge Mare gets +2/-2 until end of turn."	U	U	Core Set 2019	77	uncommon	Sam Rowan		
"Tezzeret, Artifice Master"	3UU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Tezzeret	"+1: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
0: Draw a card. If you control three or more artifacts, draw two cards instead.
?9: You get an emblem with ""At the beginning of your end step, search your library for a permanent card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."""	U	U	Core Set 2019	79	mythic	Josh Hass		
Uncomfortable Chill	2U	3	Instant	"Creatures your opponents control get -2/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Core Set 2019	82	common	Izzy		
Abnormal Endurance	1B	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains ""When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control."""	B	B	Core Set 2019	85	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Blood Divination	3B	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Draw three cards."	B	B	Core Set 2019	86	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Bogstomper	4BB	6	Creature ? Beast		B	B	Core Set 2019	87	common	Jason Felix		
Bone Dragon	3BB	5	Creature ? Dragon Skeleton	"Flying
{3}{B}{B}, Exile seven other cards from your graveyard: Return Bone Dragon from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped."	B	B	Core Set 2019	88	mythic	Jason A. Engle		
Demon of Catastrophes	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Flying, trample"	B	B	Core Set 2019	91	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Epicure of Blood	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses 1 life."	B	B	Core Set 2019	95	common	Anna Steinbauer		
Fell Specter	3B	4	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
When Fell Specter enters the battlefield, target opponent discards a card.
Whenever an opponent discards a card, that player loses 2 life."	B	B	Core Set 2019	96	uncommon	Dimitar Marinski		
Fraying Omnipotence	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Each player loses half their life, then discards half the cards in their hand, then sacrifices half the creatures they control. Round up each time."	B	B	Core Set 2019	97	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Graveyard Marshal	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"{2}{B}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Core Set 2019	99	rare	Mark Behm		
Hired Blade	2B	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)	B	B	Core Set 2019	100	common	Mark Behm		
Infernal Reckoning	B	1	Instant	Exile target colorless creature. You gain life equal to its power.	B	B	Core Set 2019	102	rare	Bram Sels		
Isareth the Awakener	1BB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Deathtouch
Whenever Isareth the Awakener attacks, you may pay {X}. When you do, return target creature card with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield with a corpse counter on it. If that creature would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else."	B	B	Core Set 2019	104	rare	Jason Rainville		
Lich's Caress	3BB	5	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. You gain 3 life.	B	B	Core Set 2019	105	common	Josh Hass		
"Liliana, Untouched by Death"	2BB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard. If at least one of them is a Zombie card, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
?2: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Zombies you control.
?3: You may cast Zombie cards from your graveyard this turn."	B	B	Core Set 2019	106	mythic	Bastien L. Deharme		
Liliana's Contract	3BB	5	Enchantment	"When Liliana's Contract enters the battlefield, you draw four cards and you lose 4 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control four or more Demons with different names, you win the game."	B	B	Core Set 2019	107	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Leyline of Sanctity	2WW	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Sanctity is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	W	W	Modern Masters 2015	23	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Steel Overseer	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on each artifact creature you control.			Kaladesh Inventions	27	mythic	Adam Paquette		
Ember Hauler	RR	2	Creature ? Goblin	"{1}, Sacrifice Ember Hauler: It deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Duel Decks: Merfolk vs. Goblins	37	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Frost Lynx	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"When Frost Lynx enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Iconic Masters	57	common	Izzy		
Regal Unicorn	2W	3	Creature ? Unicorn		W	W	Classic Sixth Edition	35	common	Zina Saunders		
Blaze	XR	1	Sorcery	Blaze deals X damage to any target.	R	R	Classic Sixth Edition	168	uncommon	Gerry Grace		
Alert Shu Infantry	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	1	uncommon	Solomon Au Yeung		
Eightfold Maze	2W	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Destroy target attacking creature."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	2	rare	Shang Huitong		
Empty City Ruse	W	1	Sorcery	Target opponent skips all combat phases of their next turn.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	3	uncommon	Qu Xin		
False Defeat	3W	4	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	4	common	Li Wang		
Flanking Troops	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Flanking Troops attacks, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	5	uncommon	Li Wang		
"Guan Yu, Sainted Warrior"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
When Guan Yu, Sainted Warrior is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may shuffle Guan Yu into your library."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	6	rare	Qiao Dafu		
"Guan Yu's 1,000-Li March"	4WW	6	Sorcery	Destroy all tapped creatures.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	7	rare	Yang Guangmai		
"Huang Zhong, Shu General"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Huang Zhong, Shu General can't be blocked by more than one creature."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	8	rare	Quan Xuejun		
"Kongming, ""Sleeping Dragon"""	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	Other creatures you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	9	rare	Gao Yan		
Kongming's Contraptions	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Kongming's Contraptions deals 2 damage to target attacking creature. Activate this ability only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	10	rare	Jiaming		
"Liu Bei, Lord of Shu"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Liu Bei, Lord of Shu gets +2/+2 as long as you control a permanent named Guan Yu, Sainted Warrior or a permanent named Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	11	rare	Qiao Dafu		
Misfortune's Gain	3W	4	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Its owner gains 4 life.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	13	common	Jiaming		
"Pang Tong, ""Young Phoenix"""	1WW	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Target creature gets +0/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	14	rare	Li Tie		
Peach Garden Oath	W	1	Sorcery	You gain 2 life for each creature you control.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	15	uncommon	Qiao Dafu		
Rally the Troops	W	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Untap all creatures you control."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	16	uncommon	Shang Huitong		
Ravages of War	3W	4	Sorcery	Destroy all lands.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	17	rare	Fang Yue		
Riding Red Hare	2W	3	Sorcery	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains horsemanship until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	18	common	Qi Baocheng		
Shu Cavalry	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	19	common	Li Xiaohua		
Shu Defender	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Shu Defender blocks, it gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	20	common	Sun Nan		
Shu Elite Companions	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	21	uncommon	Qiao Dafu		
Shu Elite Infantry	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	22	common	Song Shikai		
Shu Farmer	1W	2	Creature ? Human	"{T}: You gain 1 life. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	23	common	Li Xiaohua		
Shu Foot Soldiers	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	24	common	Xu Tan		
Shu General	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance; horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	25	uncommon	Li Xiaohua		
Shu Grain Caravan	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Shu Grain Caravan enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	26	common	Li Wang		
Shu Soldier-Farmers	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Shu Soldier-Farmers enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	27	uncommon	Li Xiaohua		
Vengeance	3W	4	Sorcery	Destroy target tapped creature.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	28	uncommon	Solomon Au Yeung		
Virtuous Charge	2W	3	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	29	common	Qu Xin		
Volunteer Militia	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	30	common	Lin Yan		
Warrior's Stand	1W	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	31	uncommon	Qiao Dafu		
"Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior"	4WW	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	Vigilance; horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	32	rare	Qiao Dafu		
"Zhao Zilong, Tiger General"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Whenever Zhao Zilong, Tiger General blocks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Portal Three Kingdoms	33	rare	Quan Xuejun		
Balance of Power	3UU	5	Sorcery	"If target opponent has more cards in hand than you, draw cards equal to the difference."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	34	rare	Quan Xuejun		
"Borrowing 100,000 Arrows"	2U	3	Sorcery	Draw a card for each tapped creature target opponent controls.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	35	uncommon	Song Shikai		
Brilliant Plan	4U	5	Sorcery	Draw three cards.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	36	uncommon	Song Shikai		
Broken Dam	U	1	Sorcery	Tap one or two target creatures without horsemanship.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	37	common	Jiang Zhuqing		
Capture of Jingzhou	3UU	5	Sorcery	Take an extra turn after this one.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	38	rare	Jack Wei		
Champion's Victory	U	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Return target attacking creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	39	uncommon	Hong Yan		
Council of Advisors	2U	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"When Council of Advisors enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	40	uncommon	Liu Shangying		
Counterintelligence	2UU	4	Sorcery	Return one or two target creatures to their owners' hands.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	41	uncommon	Wang Feng		
Extinguish	1U	2	Instant	Counter target sorcery spell.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	43	common	Ding Songjian		
Forced Retreat	2U	3	Sorcery	Put target creature on top of its owner's library.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	44	common	Huang Qishi		
Lady Sun	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Return Lady Sun and another target creature to their owners' hands. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	45	rare	Miao Aili		
"Lu Meng, Wu General"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	46	rare	Gao Yan		
"Lu Su, Wu Advisor"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	47	rare	Zhao Tan		
"Lu Xun, Scholar General"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Whenever Lu Xun, Scholar General deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	48	rare	Xu Xiaoming		
Mystic Denial	1UU	3	Instant	Counter target creature or sorcery spell.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	49	uncommon	Kang Yu		
Preemptive Strike	1U	2	Instant	Counter target creature spell.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	50	common	Jiaming		
Red Cliffs Armada	4U	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Red Cliffs Armada can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	51	uncommon	Zhang Jiazhen		
Sage's Knowledge	2U	3	Sorcery	Return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	52	common	Ding Songjian		
Straw Soldiers	1U	2	Creature ? Scarecrow Soldier		U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	54	common	Cai Tingting		
"Sun Ce, Young Conquerer"	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
When Sun Ce, Young Conquerer enters the battlefield, you may return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	55	rare	Yang Guangmai		
"Sun Quan, Lord of Wu"	4UU	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	Creatures you control have horsemanship. (They can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	56	rare	Xu Xiaoming		
Wu Admiral	4U	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Wu Admiral gets +1/+1 as long as an opponent controls an Island.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	57	uncommon	Zhang Jiazhen		
Wu Elite Cavalry	3U	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	58	common	Li Wang		
Wu Infantry	1U	2	Creature ? Human Soldier		U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	59	common	Xu Xiaoming		
Wu Light Cavalry	1U	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	60	common	Huang Qishi		
Wu Longbowman	2U	3	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	"{T}: Wu Longbowman deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	61	uncommon	Xu Tan		
Wu Scout	1U	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Scout	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
When Wu Scout enters the battlefield, look at target opponent's hand."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	62	common	Jiaming		
Wu Spy	1U	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Rogue	"When Wu Spy enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of target player's library. Put one of them into their graveyard."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	63	uncommon	Zhao Tan		
Wu Warship	2U	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Wu Warship can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	64	common	Jiang Zhuqing		
"Zhou Yu, Chief Commander"	5UU	7	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Zhou Yu, Chief Commander can't attack unless defending player controls an Island."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	65	rare	Xu Xiaoming		
"Zhuge Jin, Wu Strategist"	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Three Kingdoms	66	rare	Song Shikai		
Ambition's Cost	3B	4	Sorcery	You draw three cards and you lose 3 life.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	67	rare	Junko Taguchi		
"Cao Cao, Lord of Wei"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Target opponent discards two cards. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	68	rare	Gao Jianzhang		
"Cao Ren, Wei Commander"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
When Cao Ren, Wei Commander enters the battlefield, you lose 3 life."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	69	rare	Junko Taguchi		
Corrupt Court Official	1B	2	Creature ? Human Advisor	"When Corrupt Court Official enters the battlefield, target opponent discards a card."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	71	uncommon	Li Yousong		
Cunning Advisor	3B	4	Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Target opponent discards a card. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	72	uncommon	Gao Jianzhang		
Deception	2B	3	Sorcery	Target opponent discards two cards.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	73	common	Wang Feng		
Desperate Charge	2B	3	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	74	uncommon	Chen Weidong		
Famine	3BB	5	Sorcery	Famine deals 3 damage to each creature and each player.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	75	uncommon	Sun Nan		
Ghostly Visit	2B	3	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	76	common	Kang Yu		
Imperial Edict	1B	2	Sorcery	Target opponent chooses a creature they control. Destroy that creature.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	77	common	Xu Xiaoming		
Overwhelming Forces	6BB	8	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures target opponent controls. Draw a card for each creature destroyed this way.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	79	rare	Gao Yan		
Poison Arrow	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature. You gain 3 life.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	80	uncommon	Li Tie		
Return to Battle	B	1	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	81	common	Ding Songjian		
"Sima Yi, Wei Field Marshal"	5B	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Sima Yi, Wei Field Marshal's power is equal to the number of Swamps you control."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	82	rare	Gao Yan		
Stolen Grain	4BB	6	Sorcery	Stolen Grain deals 5 damage to target opponent or planeswalker. You gain 5 life.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	83	uncommon	LHQ		
Stone Catapult	4B	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Destroy target tapped nonblack creature. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	84	rare	Shang Huitong		
Wei Ambush Force	1B	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Wei Ambush Force attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	85	common	Ku Xueming		
Wei Assassins	3BB	5	Creature ? Human Soldier Assassin	"When Wei Assassins enters the battlefield, target opponent chooses a creature they control. Destroy that creature."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	86	uncommon	Xu Tan		
Wei Elite Companions	4B	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	87	uncommon	Li Youliang		
Wei Infantry	1B	2	Creature ? Human Soldier		B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	88	common	LHQ		
Wei Night Raiders	2BB	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Whenever Wei Night Raiders deals damage to an opponent, that player discards a card."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	89	uncommon	Wang Feng		
Wei Scout	1B	2	Creature ? Human Soldier Scout	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	90	common	Jiang Zhuqing		
Wei Strike Force	2B	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	91	common	Tang Xiaogu		
"Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Sacrifice Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed: Return target black card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	92	rare	Junko Taguchi		
"Xun Yu, Wei Advisor"	1BB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	93	rare	Jack Wei		
Young Wei Recruits	1B	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Young Wei Recruits can't block.	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	94	common	Li Youliang		
"Zhang He, Wei General"	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Whenever Zhang He, Wei General attacks, each other creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	95	rare	Jack Wei		
"Zhang Liao, Hero of Hefei"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Zhang Liao, Hero of Hefei deals damage to an opponent, that opponent discards a card."	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	96	rare	Li Youliang		
Zodiac Pig	3B	4	Creature ? Boar	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	97	uncommon	Qi Baocheng		
Zodiac Rat	B	1	Creature ? Rat	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	98	common	Qi Baocheng		
Zodiac Snake	2B	3	Creature ? Snake	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Portal Three Kingdoms	99	common	Qi Baocheng		
Barbarian General	4R	5	Creature ? Human Barbarian Soldier	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	100	uncommon	Kuang Sheng		
Barbarian Horde	3R	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian Soldier		R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	101	common	Kuang Sheng		
Burning Fields	4R	5	Sorcery	Burning Fields deals 5 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	103	common	Yang Hong		
Burning of Xinye	4RR	6	Sorcery	"You destroy four lands you control, then target opponent destroys four lands they control. Then Burning of Xinye deals 4 damage to each creature."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	104	rare	Yang Hong		
Control of the Court	1R	2	Sorcery	"Draw four cards, then discard three cards at random."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	105	uncommon	Li Yousong		
Corrupt Eunuchs	3R	4	Creature ? Human Advisor	"When Corrupt Eunuchs enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	106	uncommon	Li Yousong		
Desert Sandstorm	2R	3	Sorcery	Desert Sandstorm deals 1 damage to each creature.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	107	common	Xu Tan		
"Diaochan, Artful Beauty"	3R	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"{T}: Destroy target creature of your choice, then destroy target creature of an opponent's choice. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	108	rare	Miao Aili		
"Dong Zhou, the Tyrant"	4R	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Dong Zhou, the Tyrant enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls deals damage equal to its power to that player."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	109	rare	Inoue Junichi		
Eunuchs' Intrigues	2R	3	Sorcery	Target opponent chooses a creature they control. Other creatures they control can't block this turn.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	110	uncommon	Li Yousong		
Fire Ambush	1R	2	Sorcery	Fire Ambush deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	111	common	Tang Xiaogu		
Fire Bowman	R	1	Creature ? Human Soldier Archer	"Sacrifice Fire Bowman: It deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	112	uncommon	Cai Tingting		
Imperial Recruiter	2R	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"When Imperial Recruiter enters the battlefield, search your library for a creature card with power 2 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	113	uncommon	Mitsuaki Sagiri		
Independent Troops	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier		R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	114	common	Kuang Sheng		
"Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms"	5R	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	Haste; horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	115	rare	Gao Jianzhang		
"Ma Chao, Western Warrior"	3RR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Whenever Ma Chao, Western Warrior attacks alone, it can't be blocked this combat."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	116	rare	Koji		
Mountain Bandit	R	1	Creature ? Human Soldier Rogue	Haste	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	117	common	Xu Xiaoming		
Ravaging Horde	3RR	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Ravaging Horde enters the battlefield, destroy target land."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	118	uncommon	Liu Jianjian		
Renegade Troops	4R	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	Haste	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	120	uncommon	Liu Jianjian		
Rockslide Ambush	1R	2	Sorcery	Rockslide Ambush deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Mountains you control.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	121	uncommon	Inoue Junichi		
Rolling Earthquake	XR	1	Sorcery	Rolling Earthquake deals X damage to each creature without horsemanship and each player.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	122	rare	Yang Hong		
Warrior's Oath	RR	2	Sorcery	"Take an extra turn after this one. At the beginning of that turn's end step, you lose the game."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	124	rare	Mitsuaki Sagiri		
Yellow Scarves Cavalry	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Yellow Scarves Cavalry can't block."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	125	common	Chen Weidong		
Yellow Scarves General	3R	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Yellow Scarves General can't block."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	126	rare	Chen Weidong		
Yellow Scarves Troops	1R	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Yellow Scarves Troops can't block.	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	127	common	Chen Weidong		
"Yuan Shao, the Indecisive"	4R	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)
Each creature you control can't be blocked by more than one creature."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	128	rare	Inoue Junichi		
Yuan Shao's Infantry	3R	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Yuan Shao's Infantry attacks alone, Yuan Shao's Infantry can't be blocked this combat."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	129	uncommon	Lin Yan		
Zodiac Dog	2R	3	Creature ? Hound	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	130	common	Qi Baocheng		
Zodiac Dragon	7RR	9	Creature ? Dragon	"When Zodiac Dragon is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may return it to your hand."	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	131	rare	Qi Baocheng		
Zodiac Goat	R	1	Creature ? Goat	Mountainwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)	R	R	Portal Three Kingdoms	132	common	Qi Baocheng		
Borrowing the East Wind	XGG	2	Sorcery	Borrowing the East Wind deals X damage to each creature with horsemanship and each player.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	133	rare	Gao Yan		
False Mourning	G	1	Sorcery	Put target card from your graveyard on top of your library.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	134	uncommon	Koji		
Forest Bear	1G	2	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	135	common	Wang Yuqun		
Heavy Fog	1G	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by attacking creatures."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	136	uncommon	Liu Shangying		
"Hua Tuo, Honored Physician"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Human	"{T}: Put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	137	rare	Gao Jianzhang		
Hunting Cheetah	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Hunting Cheetah deals damage to an opponent, you may search your library for a Forest card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	138	uncommon	Fang Yue		
"Lady Zhurong, Warrior Queen"	4G	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier Warrior	Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	139	rare	Miao Aili		
Marshaling the Troops	1G	2	Sorcery	Tap any number of untapped creatures you control. You gain 4 life for each creature tapped this way.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	141	rare	Liu Shangying		
"Meng Huo, Barbarian King"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Barbarian Soldier	Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	142	rare	Yang Guangmai		
Meng Huo's Horde	4G	5	Creature ? Human Soldier		G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	143	common	Li Tie		
Riding the Dilu Horse	2G	3	Sorcery	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains horsemanship. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship. This effect lasts indefinitely.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	144	rare	Hong Yan		
Slashing Tiger	2GG	4	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Slashing Tiger becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	145	rare	Yang Jun Kwon		
Southern Elephant	3G	4	Creature ? Elephant		G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	146	common	Wang Yuqun		
Spoils of Victory	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a Plains, Island, Swamp, Mountain, or Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	147	uncommon	Sun Nan		
Spring of Eternal Peace	3GG	5	Sorcery	You gain 8 life.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	148	common	Wang Yuqun		
Taoist Hermit	2G	3	Creature ? Human Mystic	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	150	uncommon	Wang Yuqun		
Taoist Mystic	2G	3	Creature ? Human Mystic	Taoist Mystic can't be blocked by creatures with horsemanship.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	151	rare	Qu Xin		
Taunting Challenge	1GG	3	Sorcery	All creatures able to block target creature this turn do so.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	152	rare	Gao Yan		
Three Visits	1G	2	Sorcery	Search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	153	common	Qu Xin		
Trained Cheetah	2G	3	Creature ? Cat	"Whenever Trained Cheetah becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	154	uncommon	Fang Yue		
Trained Jackal	G	1	Creature ? Jackal		G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	155	common	Yang Jun Kwon		
Trip Wire	2G	3	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with horsemanship.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	156	uncommon	Hong Yan		
Wielding the Green Dragon	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	157	common	Quan Xuejun		
Wolf Pack	6GG	8	Creature ? Wolf	You may have Wolf Pack assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	158	rare	Yang Jun Kwon		
Zodiac Horse	3G	4	Creature ? Horse	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	159	uncommon	Ai Desheng		
Zodiac Monkey	1G	2	Creature ? Monkey	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	160	common	Ai Desheng		
Zodiac Ox	3G	4	Creature ? Ox	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	161	uncommon	Ai Desheng		
Zodiac Rabbit	G	1	Creature ? Rabbit	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	162	common	Ai Desheng		
Zodiac Rooster	1G	2	Creature ? Bird	Plainswalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Plains.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	163	common	Ai Desheng		
Zodiac Tiger	2GG	4	Creature ? Cat	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	164	uncommon	Ai Desheng		
"Zuo Ci, the Mocking Sage"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Advisor	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Zuo Ci, the Mocking Sage can't be blocked by creatures with horsemanship."	G	G	Portal Three Kingdoms	165	rare	Wang Yuqun		
Angel of Light	4W	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Starter 1999	1	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Bargain	2W	3	Sorcery	"Target opponent draws a card.
You gain 7 life."	W	W	Starter 1999	7	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Border Guard	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Starter 1999	9	common	Kev Walker		
Breath of Life	3W	4	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	W	W	Starter 1999	10	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Champion Lancer	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Knight	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Champion Lancer by creatures.	W	W	Starter 1999	11	rare	Chippy		
Devoted Hero	W	1	Creature ? Elf Soldier		W	W	Starter 1999	13	common	DiTerlizzi		
Devout Monk	W	1	Creature ? Human Monk Cleric	"When Devout Monk enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life."	W	W	Starter 1999	14	common	Daniel Gelon		
Eager Cadet	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Starter 1999	15	common	Scott M. Fischer		
False Peace	W	1	Sorcery	Target player skips all combat phases of their next turn.	W	W	Starter 1999	16	uncommon	Zina Saunders		
Foot Soldiers	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Starter 1999	17	common	Kev Walker		
Knight Errant	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight		W	W	Starter 1999	19	common	Dan Frazier		
Loyal Sentry	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Loyal Sentry blocks a creature, destroy that creature and Loyal Sentry."	W	W	Starter 1999	20	rare	Ron Spears		
Righteous Fury	4WW	6	Sorcery	Destroy all tapped creatures. You gain 2 life for each creature destroyed this way.	W	W	Starter 1999	23	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Royal Falcon	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	Flying	W	W	Starter 1999	24	common	Carl Critchlow		
Royal Trooper	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Royal Trooper blocks, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Starter 1999	25	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Sacred Nectar	1W	2	Sorcery	You gain 4 life.	W	W	Starter 1999	26	common	Janine Johnston		
Steadfastness	1W	2	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +0/+3 until end of turn.	W	W	Starter 1999	27	common	Kev Walker		
Veteran Cavalier	WW	2	Creature ? Human Knight	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	W	W	Starter 1999	30	uncommon	rk post		
Wild Griffin	2W	3	Creature ? Griffin	Flying	W	W	Starter 1999	31	common	Jeff Miracola		
Coral Eel	1U	2	Creature ? Fish		U	U	Starter 1999	33	common	Una Fricker		
Denizen of the Deep	6UU	8	Creature ? Serpent	"When Denizen of the Deep enters the battlefield, return each other creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Starter 1999	35	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Eye Spy	U	1	Sorcery	Look at the top card of target player's library. You may put that card into their graveyard.	U	U	Starter 1999	38	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Giant Octopus	3U	4	Creature ? Octopus		U	U	Starter 1999	39	common	John Matson		
Ingenious Thief	1U	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Flying
When Ingenious Thief enters the battlefield, look at target player's hand."	U	U	Starter 1999	40	common	Dan Frazier		
Owl Familiar	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Owl Familiar enters the battlefield, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Starter 1999	43	uncommon	Janine Johnston		
Piracy	UU	2	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, you may tap lands you don't control for mana. Spend this mana only to cast spells."	U	U	Starter 1999	45	rare	Bradley Williams		
Sea Eagle	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	Flying	U	U	Starter 1999	50	common	Anthony S. Waters		
Sleight of Hand	U	1	Sorcery	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.	U	U	Starter 1999	51	common	Phil Foglio		
Tidings	3UU	5	Sorcery	Draw four cards.	U	U	Starter 1999	54	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Touch of Brilliance	3U	4	Sorcery	Draw two cards.	U	U	Starter 1999	57	common	Kaja Foglio		
Vizzerdrix	6U	7	Creature ? Rabbit Beast		U	U	Starter 1999	59	rare	Eric Peterson		
Wind Sail	1U	2	Sorcery	One or two target creatures gain flying until end of turn.	U	U	Starter 1999	62	uncommon	Matt Stawicki		
Ancient Craving	3B	4	Sorcery	You draw three cards and you lose 3 life.	B	B	Starter 1999	64	rare	Rob Alexander		
Chorus of Woe	B	1	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Starter 1999	68	common	Randy Gallegos		
Dakmor Ghoul	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Dakmor Ghoul enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Starter 1999	70	uncommon	Dana Knutson		
Dakmor Lancer	4BB	6	Creature ? Human Knight	"When Dakmor Lancer enters the battlefield, destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Starter 1999	71	rare	Chippy		
Dakmor Plague	3BB	5	Sorcery	Dakmor Plague deals 3 damage to each creature and each player.	B	B	Starter 1999	72	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Dakmor Scorpion	1B	2	Creature ? Scorpion		B	B	Starter 1999	73	common	Randy Gallegos		
Dakmor Sorceress	5B	6	Creature ? Human Wizard	Dakmor Sorceress's power is equal to the number of Swamps you control.	B	B	Starter 1999	74	rare	Matthew D. Wilson		
Dark Offering	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature. You gain 3 life.	B	B	Starter 1999	75	uncommon	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Dread Reaper	3BBB	6	Creature ? Horror	"Flying
When Dread Reaper enters the battlefield, you lose 5 life."	B	B	Starter 1999	76	rare	Christopher Rush		
Grim Tutor	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand, then shuffle your library. You lose 3 life."	B	B	Starter 1999	79	rare	Mark Tedin		
Hand of Death	2B	3	Sorcery	Destroy target nonblack creature.	B	B	Starter 1999	80	common	Heather Hudson		
Howling Fury	2B	3	Sorcery	Target creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Starter 1999	82	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Muck Rats	B	1	Creature ? Rat		B	B	Starter 1999	84	common	Una Fricker		
Shrieking Specter	5B	6	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Shrieking Specter attacks, defending player discards a card."	B	B	Starter 1999	89	uncommon	rk post		
Stream of Acid	2BB	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land or nonblack creature.	B	B	Starter 1999	91	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Wicked Pact	1BB	3	Sorcery	Destroy two target nonblack creatures. You lose 5 life.	B	B	Starter 1999	92	rare	Adam Rex		
Cinder Storm	6R	7	Sorcery	Cinder Storm deals 7 damage to any target.	R	R	Starter 1999	93	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Devastation	5RR	7	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures and lands.	R	R	Starter 1999	94	rare	Steve Luke		
Fire Tempest	5RR	7	Sorcery	Fire Tempest deals 6 damage to each creature and each player.	R	R	Starter 1999	97	rare	Mike Dringenberg		
Goblin Cavaliers	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin		R	R	Starter 1999	98	common	DiTerlizzi		
Goblin Chariot	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)	R	R	Starter 1999	99	common	Pete Venters		
Goblin Commando	4R	5	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Commando enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Starter 1999	100	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Goblin General	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever Goblin General attacks, Goblin creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	R	R	Starter 1999	101	uncommon	Keith Parkinson		
Goblin Glider	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Flying
Goblin Glider can't block."	R	R	Starter 1999	102	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Goblin Lore	1R	2	Sorcery	"Draw four cards, then discard three cards at random."	R	R	Starter 1999	104	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Goblin Settler	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"When Goblin Settler enters the battlefield, destroy target land."	R	R	Starter 1999	106	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Hulking Goblin	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	Hulking Goblin can't block.	R	R	Starter 1999	107	common	Pete Venters		
Last Chance	RR	2	Sorcery	"Take an extra turn after this one. At the beginning of that turn's end step, you lose the game."	R	R	Starter 1999	110	rare	Hannibal King		
Ogre Warrior	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior		R	R	Starter 1999	113	common	Jeff Miracola		
Scorching Spear	R	1	Sorcery	Scorching Spear deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Starter 1999	116	common	Mike Raabe		
Thunder Dragon	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Thunder Dragon enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to each creature without flying."	R	R	Starter 1999	119	rare	Dana Knutson		
Trained Orgg	6R	7	Creature ? Orgg		R	R	Starter 1999	120	rare	Eric Peterson		
Volcanic Hammer	1R	2	Sorcery	Volcanic Hammer deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Starter 1999	123	common	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Alluring Scent	1GG	3	Sorcery	All creatures able to block target creature this turn do so.	G	G	Starter 1999	124	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Barbtooth Wurm	5G	6	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Starter 1999	125	common	Rebecca Guay		
Lynx	1G	2	Creature ? Cat	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Starter 1999	131	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Monstrous Growth	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.	G	G	Starter 1999	132	common	Una Fricker		
Moon Sprite	1G	2	Creature ? Faerie	Flying	G	G	Starter 1999	133	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Nature's Cloak	2G	3	Sorcery	Green creatures you control gain forestwalk until end of turn. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Starter 1999	135	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Norwood Archers	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Archer	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Starter 1999	137	common	Rebecca Guay		
Norwood Ranger	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout		G	G	Starter 1999	138	common	Ron Spencer		
Pride of Lions	3GG	5	Creature ? Cat	You may have Pride of Lions assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.	G	G	Starter 1999	139	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Renewing Touch	G	1	Sorcery	Shuffle any number of target creature cards from your graveyard into your library.	G	G	Starter 1999	140	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Silverback Ape	3GG	5	Creature ? Ape		G	G	Starter 1999	141	uncommon	Ron Spears		
Sylvan Basilisk	3GG	5	Creature ? Basilisk	"Whenever Sylvan Basilisk becomes blocked by a creature, destroy that creature."	G	G	Starter 1999	145	rare	Ron Spencer		
Sylvan Yeti	2GG	4	Creature ? Yeti	Sylvan Yeti's power is equal to the number of cards in your hand.	G	G	Starter 1999	146	rare	Brom		
Whiptail Wurm	6G	7	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Starter 1999	149	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Wild Ox	3G	4	Creature ? Ox	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	G	G	Starter 1999	151	uncommon	Jeffrey R. Busch		
Willow Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf		G	G	Starter 1999	152	common	DiTerlizzi		
"Daretti, Ingenious Iconoclast"	1BR	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Daretti	"+1: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token with defender.
?1: You may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, destroy target artifact or creature.
?6: Choose target artifact card in a graveyard or artifact on the battlefield. Create three tokens that are copies of it."	R	R	Mythic Edition	3	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Temporal Manipulation	3UU	5	Sorcery	Take an extra turn after this one.	U	U	Ultimate Box Topper	6	mythic	Franz Vohwinkel		
Dack Fayden	1UR	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Dack	"+1: Target player draws two cards, then discards two cards.
?2: Gain control of target artifact.
?6: You get an emblem with ""Whenever you cast a spell that targets one or more permanents, gain control of those permanents."""	U	U	Mythic Edition	6	mythic	Jason Rainville		
"Garruk, Apex Predator"	5BG	7	Legendary Planeswalker ? Garruk	"+1: Destroy another target planeswalker.
+1: Create a 3/3 black Beast creature token with deathtouch.
?3: Destroy target creature. You gain life equal to its toughness.
?8: Target opponent gets an emblem with ""Whenever a creature attacks you, it gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn."""	G	G	Mythic Edition	5	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Planar Cleansing	3WWW	6	Sorcery	Destroy all nonland permanents.	W	W	Magic 2010	24	rare	Michael Komarck		
Leyline of Anticipation	2UU	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Anticipation is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
You may cast spells as though they had flash. (You may cast them any time you could cast an instant.)"	U	U	Magic 2011	61	rare	Charles Urbach		
Chandra's Spitfire	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
Whenever an opponent is dealt noncombat damage, Chandra's Spitfire gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Magic 2011	129	uncommon	Justin Sweet		
River Bear	3G	4	Creature ? Bear	Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	G	G	Ninth Edition	266	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Tree Monkey	G	1	Creature ? Monkey	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Ninth Edition	275	common	John Matson		
Swarm of Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	Swarm of Rats's power is equal to the number of Rats you control.	B	B	Eighth Edition	167	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Vampiric Spirit	2BB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Vampiric Spirit enters the battlefield, you lose 4 life."	B	B	Eighth Edition	170	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Giant Badger	1GG	3	Creature ? Badger	"Whenever Giant Badger blocks, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Eighth Edition	253	common	Lars Grant-West		
Primeval Force	2GGG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"When Primeval Force enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice three Forests."	G	G	Eighth Edition	273	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Starlight	1W	2	Sorcery	You gain 3 life for each black creature target opponent controls.	W	W	Seventh Edition	49	uncommon	Brian Despain		
Baleful Stare	2U	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You draw a card for each Mountain and red card in it.	U	U	Seventh Edition	62	uncommon	Eric Peterson		
Felidar Umbra	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has lifelink.
{1}{W}: Attach Felidar Umbra to target creature you control.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	W	W	Planechase 2012	6	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Sakashima's Student	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Ninja	"Ninjutsu {1}{U} ({1}{U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
You may have Sakashima's Student enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it's a Ninja in addition to its other creature types."	U	U	Planechase 2012	24	rare	Brian Sn?ddy		
Mass Mutiny	3RR	5	Sorcery	"For each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn."	R	R	Planechase 2012	48	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Preyseizer Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
Whenever Preyseizer Dragon attacks, it deals damage to any target equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on Preyseizer Dragon."	R	R	Planechase 2012	50	rare	Daarken		
Dreampod Druid	1G	2	Creature ? Human Druid	"At the beginning of each upkeep, if Dreampod Druid is enchanted, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Planechase 2012	64	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Baleful Strix	UB	2	Artifact Creature ? Bird	"Flying, deathtouch
When Baleful Strix enters the battlefield, draw a card."	U	U	Planechase 2012	82	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Dragonlair Spider	2RRGG	6	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token."	R	R	Planechase 2012	87	rare	Carl Critchlow		
Elderwood Scion	3GW	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample, lifelink
Spells you cast that target Elderwood Scion cost {2} less to cast.
Spells your opponents cast that target Elderwood Scion cost {2} more to cast."	W	W	Planechase 2012	88	rare	Nils Hamm		
Etherium-Horn Sorcerer	4UR	6	Artifact Creature ? Minotaur Wizard	"{1}{U}{R}: Return Etherium-Horn Sorcerer to its owner's hand.
Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	U	U	Planechase 2012	91	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Indrik Umbra	4GW	6	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4 and has first strike, and all creatures able to block it do so.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	W	W	Planechase 2012	96	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Krond the Dawn-Clad	GGGWWW	6	Legendary Creature ? Archon	"Flying, vigilance
Whenever Krond the Dawn-Clad attacks, if it's enchanted, exile target permanent."	W	W	Planechase 2012	99	mythic	Zoltan Boros		
Maelstrom Wanderer	5GUR	8	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Creatures you control have haste.
Cascade, cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order. Then do it again.)"	U	U	Planechase 2012	101	mythic	Thomas M. Baxa		
Shardless Agent	1GU	3	Artifact Creature ? Human Rogue	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	U	U	Planechase 2012	104	uncommon	Izzy		
Silent-Blade Oni	3UUBB	7	Creature ? Demon Ninja	"Ninjutsu {4}{U}{B} ({4}{U}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Silent-Blade Oni deals combat damage to a player, look at that player's hand. You may cast a nonland card in it without paying that card's mana cost."	U	U	Planechase 2012	105	rare	Steve Prescott		
Thromok the Insatiable	3RG	5	Legendary Creature ? Hellion	"Devour X, where X is the number of creatures devoured this way (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it for each of those creatures.)"	R	R	Planechase 2012	106	mythic	Terese Nielsen		
Vela the Night-Clad	4UB	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Other creatures you control have intimidate.
Whenever Vela the Night-Clad or another creature you control leaves the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life."	U	U	Planechase 2012	107	mythic	Allen Williams		
Sai of the Shinobi	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Sai of the Shinobi to it.
Equip {2}"			Planechase 2012	113	uncommon	Brian Sn?ddy		
Brago's Representative	2W	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"While voting, you get an additional vote. (The votes can be for different choices or for the same choice.)"	W	W	Conspiracy	14	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Council Guardian	5W	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Will of the council ? When Council Guardian enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player votes for blue, black, red, or green. Council Guardian gains protection from each color with the most votes or tied for most votes."	W	W	Conspiracy	15	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Council's Judgment	1WW	3	Sorcery	"Will of the council ? Starting with you, each player votes for a nonland permanent you don't control. Exile each permanent with the most votes or tied for most votes."	W	W	Conspiracy	16	rare	Kev Walker		
Custodi Soulbinders	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Custodi Soulbinders enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of other creatures on the battlefield.
{2}{W}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Custodi Soulbinders: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying."	W	W	Conspiracy	17	rare	Karla Ortiz		
Rousing of Souls	2W	3	Sorcery	"Parley ? Each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, you create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying. Then each player draws a card."	W	W	Conspiracy	19	common	Jeff Simpson		
Academy Elite	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Academy Elite enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in all graveyards.
{2}{U}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Academy Elite: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Conspiracy	20	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Marchesa's Emissary	3U	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Conspiracy	21	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Marchesa's Infiltrator	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Whenever Marchesa's Infiltrator deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Conspiracy	22	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
"Muzzio, Visionary Architect"	1UU	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"{3}{U}, {T}: Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the highest converted mana cost among artifacts you control. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order."	U	U	Conspiracy	23	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Plea for Power	3U	4	Sorcery	"Will of the council ? Starting with you, each player votes for time or knowledge. If time gets more votes, take an extra turn after this one. If knowledge gets more votes or the vote is tied, draw three cards."	U	U	Conspiracy	24	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Split Decision	1U	2	Instant	"Will of the council ? Choose target instant or sorcery spell. Starting with you, each player votes for denial or duplication. If denial gets more votes, counter the spell. If duplication gets more votes or the vote is tied, copy the spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Conspiracy	25	uncommon	Robbie Trevino		
Bite of the Black Rose	3B	4	Sorcery	"Will of the council ? Starting with you, each player votes for sickness or psychosis. If sickness gets more votes, creatures your opponents control get -2/-2 until end of turn. If psychosis gets more votes or the vote is tied, each opponent discards two cards."	B	B	Conspiracy	26	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Drakestown Forgotten	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Drakestown Forgotten enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of creature cards in all graveyards.
{2}{B}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Drakestown Forgotten: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Conspiracy	27	rare	Steve Prescott		
Grudge Keeper	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"Whenever players finish voting, each opponent who voted for a choice you didn't vote for loses 2 life."	B	B	Conspiracy	28	common	Ryan Barger		
Reign of the Pit	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Each player sacrifices a creature. Create an X/X black Demon creature token with flying, where X is the total power of the creatures sacrificed this way."	B	B	Conspiracy	29	rare	Evan Shipard		
Enraged Revolutionary	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Conspiracy	31	common	Drew Baker		
Grenzo's Cutthroat	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"First strike
Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	R	R	Conspiracy	32	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Grenzo's Rebuttal	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Create a 4/4 red Ogre creature token. Starting with you, each player chooses an artifact, a creature, and a land from among the permanents controlled by the player to their left. Destroy each permanent chosen this way."	R	R	Conspiracy	33	rare	Dave Kendall		
Ignition Team	5RR	7	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Ignition Team enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of tapped lands on the battlefield.
{2}{R}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Ignition Team: Target land becomes a 4/4 red Elemental creature until end of turn. It's still a land."	R	R	Conspiracy	34	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Scourge of the Throne	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Whenever Scourge of the Throne attacks for the first time each turn, if it's attacking the player with the most life or tied for most life, untap all attacking creatures. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase."	R	R	Conspiracy	35	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Treasonous Ogre	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Shaman	"Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Pay 3 life: Add {R}."	R	R	Conspiracy	36	uncommon	Randy Gallegos		
Predator's Howl	3G	4	Instant	"Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
Morbid ? Create three 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens instead if a creature died this turn."	G	G	Conspiracy	37	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Realm Seekers	4GG	6	Creature ? Elf Scout	"Realm Seekers enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the total number of cards in all players' hands.
{2}{G}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Realm Seekers: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Conspiracy	38	rare	Mike Sass		
Selvala's Charge	4G	5	Sorcery	"Parley ? Each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, you create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token. Then each player draws a card."	G	G	Conspiracy	39	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Selvala's Enforcer	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Parley ? When Selvala's Enforcer enters the battlefield, each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Selvala's Enforcer. Then each player draws a card."	G	G	Conspiracy	40	common	Jesper Ejsing		
"Brago, King Eternal"	2WU	4	Legendary Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever Brago, King Eternal deals combat damage to a player, exile any number of target nonland permanents you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control."	W	W	Conspiracy	41	rare	Karla Ortiz		
Dack's Duplicate	2UR	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Dack's Duplicate enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has haste and dethrone. (Whenever it attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	U	U	Conspiracy	43	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Deathreap Ritual	2BG	4	Enchantment	"Morbid ? At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, you may draw a card."	G	G	Conspiracy	44	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Extract from Darkness	3UB	5	Sorcery	Each player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard. Then you put a creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	U	U	Conspiracy	45	uncommon	Dallas Williams		
Flamewright	RW	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"{1}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token with defender.
{T}, Sacrifice a creature with defender: Flamewright deals 1 damage to any target."	W	W	Conspiracy	46	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
"Grenzo, Dungeon Warden"	XBR	2	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Grenzo, Dungeon Warden enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
{2}: Put the bottom card of your library into your graveyard. If it's a creature card with power less than or equal to Grenzo's power, put it onto the battlefield."	R	R	Conspiracy	47	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Magister of Worth	4WB	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Will of the council ? When Magister of Worth enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player votes for grace or condemnation. If grace gets more votes, each player returns each creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield. If condemnation gets more votes or the vote is tied, destroy all creatures other than Magister of Worth."	W	W	Conspiracy	48	rare	John Stanko		
"Marchesa, the Black Rose"	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Other creatures you control have dethrone.
Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Conspiracy	49	mythic	Matt Stewart		
Marchesa's Smuggler	UR	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
{1}{U}{R}: Target creature you control gains haste until end of turn and can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Conspiracy	50	uncommon	Dan Scott		
"Selvala, Explorer Returned"	1GW	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Scout	"Parley ? {T}: Each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, add {G} and you gain 1 life. Then each player draws a card."	W	W	Conspiracy	51	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Woodvine Elemental	4GW	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample
Parley ? Whenever Woodvine Elemental attacks, each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, attacking creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Then each player draws a card."	W	W	Conspiracy	52	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Aether Searcher	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Reveal Aether Searcher as you draft it. Reveal the next card you draft and note its name.
When Aether Searcher enters the battlefield, you may search your hand and/or library for a card with a name noted as you drafted cards named Aether Searcher. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. If you searched your library this way, shuffle it."			Conspiracy	53	rare	James Paick		
Agent of Acquisitions	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Draft Agent of Acquisitions face up.
Instead of drafting a card from a booster pack, you may draft each card in that booster pack, one at a time. If you do, turn Agent of Acquisitions face down and you can't draft cards for the rest of this draft round. (You may look at booster packs passed to you.)"			Conspiracy	54	uncommon	Eytan Zana		
Canal Dredger	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Draft Canal Dredger face up.
Each player passes the last card from each booster pack to a player who drafted a card named Canal Dredger.
{T}: Put target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library."			Conspiracy	55	rare	John Avon		
Coercive Portal	4	4	Artifact	"Will of the council ? At the beginning of your upkeep, starting with you, each player votes for carnage or homage. If carnage gets more votes, sacrifice Coercive Portal and destroy all nonland permanents. If homage gets more votes or the vote is tied, draw a card."			Conspiracy	56	mythic	Yeong-Hao Han		
Cogwork Grinder	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Draft Cogwork Grinder face up.
As you draft a card, you may remove it from the draft face down. (Those cards aren't in your card pool.)
Cogwork Grinder enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of cards you removed from the draft with cards named Cogwork Grinder."			Conspiracy	57	rare	Jasper Sandner		
Cogwork Librarian	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Draft Cogwork Librarian face up.
As you draft a card, you may draft an additional card from that booster pack. If you do, put Cogwork Librarian into that booster pack."			Conspiracy	58	common	Dan Scott		
Cogwork Spy	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Bird Construct	"Reveal Cogwork Spy as you draft it. You may look at the next card drafted from this booster pack.
Flying"			Conspiracy	59	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Cogwork Tracker	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Hound Construct	"Reveal Cogwork Tracker as you draft it and note the player who passed it to you.
Cogwork Tracker attacks each combat if able.
Cogwork Tracker attacks a player you noted for cards named Cogwork Tracker each combat if able."			Conspiracy	60	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Deal Broker	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Draft Deal Broker face up.
Immediately after the draft, you may reveal a card in your card pool. Each other player may offer you one card in their card pool in exchange. You may accept any one offer.
{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."			Conspiracy	61	rare	Cliff Childs		
Lore Seeker	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Reveal Lore Seeker as you draft it. After you draft Lore Seeker, you may add a booster pack to the draft. (Your next pick is from that booster pack. Pass it to the next player and it's drafted this draft round.)"			Conspiracy	62	rare	Jason Felix		
Lurking Automaton	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Reveal Lurking Automaton as you draft it and note how many cards you've drafted this draft round, including Lurking Automaton.
Lurking Automaton enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the highest number you noted for cards named Lurking Automaton."			Conspiracy	63	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Whispergear Sneak	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Draft Whispergear Sneak face up.
During the draft, you may turn Whispergear Sneak face down. If you do, look at any unopened booster pack in the draft or any booster pack not being looked at by another player."			Conspiracy	64	common	Jesper Ejsing		
"Paliano, the High City"		0	Legendary Land	"Reveal Paliano, the High City as you draft it. The player to your right chooses a color, you choose another color, then the player to your left chooses a third color.
{T}: Add one mana of any color chosen as you drafted cards named Paliano, the High City."			Conspiracy	65	rare	Adam Paquette		
Vow of Duty	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has vigilance, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control."	W	W	Conspiracy	87	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Lizard Warrior	3R	4	Creature ? Lizard Warrior		R	R	Conspiracy	146	common	Roger Raupp		
Hydra Omnivore	4GG	6	Creature ? Hydra	"Whenever Hydra Omnivore deals combat damage to an opponent, it deals that much damage to each other opponent."	G	G	Conspiracy	169	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
"Basandra, Battle Seraph"	3RW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Players can't cast spells during combat.
{R}: Target creature attacks this turn if able."	W	W	Conspiracy	184	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Armored Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Planechase 2012	1	uncommon	Brad Rigney		
Beetleback Chief	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"When Beetleback Chief enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Planechase 2012	40	uncommon	Wayne England		
Brindle Shoat	1G	2	Creature ? Boar	"When Brindle Shoat dies, create a 3/3 green Boar creature token."	G	G	Planechase 2012	60	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Fractured Powerstone	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Roll the planar die. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Planechase 2012	111	common	Rob Alexander		
Custodi Squire	4W	5	Creature ? Spirit Cleric	"Flying
Will of the council ? When Custodi Squire enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player votes for an artifact, creature, or enchantment card in your graveyard. Return each card with the most votes or tied for most votes to your hand."	W	W	Conspiracy	18	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Tyrant's Choice	1B	2	Sorcery	"Will of the council ? Starting with you, each player votes for death or torture. If death gets more votes, each opponent sacrifices a creature. If torture gets more votes or the vote is tied, each opponent loses 4 life."	B	B	Conspiracy	30	common	Daarken		
Preordain	U	1	Sorcery	"Scry 2, then draw a card. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Magic 2011	70	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Windseeker Centaur	1RR	3	Creature ? Centaur	Vigilance	R	R	HarperPrism Book Promos	3	rare	Anson Maddocks		
Alaborn Cavalier	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Alaborn Cavalier attacks, you may tap target creature."	W	W	Portal Second Age	1	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Alaborn Grenadier	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Vigilance	W	W	Portal Second Age	2	common	David A. Cherry		
Alaborn Musketeer	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	W	W	Portal Second Age	3	common	Heather Hudson		
Alaborn Trooper	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Portal Second Age	4	common	Lubov		
Alaborn Veteran	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"{T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Portal Second Age	5	rare	Henry Van Der Linde		
Alaborn Zealot	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Alaborn Zealot blocks a creature, destroy that creature and Alaborn Zealot."	W	W	Portal Second Age	6	uncommon	David Horne		
Angel of Fury	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Fury dies, you may shuffle it into its owner's library."	W	W	Portal Second Age	7	rare	Keith Parkinson		
Festival of Trokin	W	1	Sorcery	You gain 2 life for each creature you control.	W	W	Portal Second Age	16	common	Jeffrey R. Busch		
Just Fate	2W	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Destroy target attacking creature."	W	W	Portal Second Age	17	rare	Bradley Williams		
Steam Catapult	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Destroy target tapped creature. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Portal Second Age	22	rare	Mark Tedin		
Temple Acolyte	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Temple Acolyte enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Portal Second Age	23	common	Lubov		
Temple Elder	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{T}: You gain 1 life. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Portal Second Age	24	uncommon	David Horne		
Town Sentry	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Town Sentry blocks, it gets +0/+2 until end of turn."	W	W	Portal Second Age	25	common	Bradley Williams		
Trokin High Guard	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight		W	W	Portal Second Age	26	common	Ron Spencer		
Apprentice Sorcerer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Apprentice Sorcerer deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Second Age	32	uncommon	Christopher Rush		
Armored Galleon	4U	5	Creature ? Human Pirate	Armored Galleon can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Portal Second Age	33	uncommon	Doug Chaffee		
Coastal Wizard	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Return Coastal Wizard and another target creature to their owners' hands. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Second Age	34	rare	"Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Dj Vu	2U	3	Sorcery	Return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	U	U	Portal Second Age	36	common	David Horne		
False Summoning	1U	2	Instant	Counter target creature spell.	U	U	Portal Second Age	40	common	DiTerlizzi		
Remove	U	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Return target attacking creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Portal Second Age	43	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Screeching Drake	3U	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Screeching Drake enters the battlefield, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Portal Second Age	44	common	Anson Maddocks		
Sea Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Sea Drake enters the battlefield, return two target lands you control to their owner's hand."	U	U	Portal Second Age	45	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Steam Frigate	2U	3	Creature ? Human Pirate	Steam Frigate can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Portal Second Age	47	common	Mark Tedin		
Talas Air Ship	3U	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	Flying	U	U	Portal Second Age	48	common	Mark Tedin		
Talas Explorer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate Scout	"Flying
When Talas Explorer enters the battlefield, look at target opponent's hand."	U	U	Portal Second Age	49	common	Douglas Shuler		
Talas Merchant	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate		U	U	Portal Second Age	50	common	Lubov		
Talas Researcher	4U	5	Creature ? Human Pirate Wizard	"{T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal Second Age	51	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Talas Scout	1U	2	Creature ? Human Pirate Scout	Flying	U	U	Portal Second Age	52	common	Heather Hudson		
Talas Warrior	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Pirate Warrior	Talas Warrior can't be blocked.	U	U	Portal Second Age	53	rare	Douglas Shuler		
Abyssal Nightstalker	3B	4	Creature ? Nightstalker	"Whenever Abyssal Nightstalker attacks and isn't blocked, defending player discards a card."	B	B	Portal Second Age	61	uncommon	Sam Wood		
Bloodcurdling Scream	XB	1	Sorcery	Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.	B	B	Portal Second Age	63	uncommon	Dan Frazier		
Brutal Nightstalker	3BB	5	Creature ? Nightstalker	"When Brutal Nightstalker enters the battlefield, you may have target opponent discard a card."	B	B	Portal Second Age	64	uncommon	Brom		
Cruel Edict	1B	2	Sorcery	Target opponent sacrifices a creature.	B	B	Portal Second Age	67	common	Jeffrey R. Busch		
Dakmor Bat	1B	2	Creature ? Bat	Flying	B	B	Portal Second Age	68	common	Una Fricker		
Foul Spirit	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Foul Spirit enters the battlefield, sacrifice a land."	B	B	Portal Second Age	73	uncommon	rk post		
Kiss of Death	4BB	6	Sorcery	Kiss of Death deals 4 damage to target opponent or planeswalker. You gain 4 life.	B	B	Portal Second Age	76	uncommon	Melissa A. Benson		
Lurking Nightstalker	BB	2	Creature ? Nightstalker	"Whenever Lurking Nightstalker attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Portal Second Age	77	common	Kev Walker		
Moaning Spirit	2B	3	Creature ? Spirit	Flying	B	B	Portal Second Age	79	common	Rebecca Guay		
Nightstalker Engine	4B	5	Creature ? Nightstalker	Nightstalker Engine's power is equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	B	B	Portal Second Age	81	rare	Mark Tedin		
Predatory Nightstalker	3BB	5	Creature ? Nightstalker	"When Predatory Nightstalker enters the battlefield, you may have target opponent sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Portal Second Age	82	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Prowling Nightstalker	3B	4	Creature ? Nightstalker	Prowling Nightstalker can't be blocked except by black creatures.	B	B	Portal Second Age	83	common	Keith Parkinson		
Raiding Nightstalker	2B	3	Creature ? Nightstalker	Swampwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Swamp.)	B	B	Portal Second Age	84	common	Pete Venters		
Rain of Daggers	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures target opponent controls. You lose 2 life for each creature destroyed this way.	B	B	Portal Second Age	85	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Return of the Nightstalkers	5BB	7	Sorcery	Return all Nightstalker permanent cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Then destroy all Swamps you control.	B	B	Portal Second Age	88	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Brimstone Dragon	6RR	8	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste"	R	R	Portal Second Age	92	rare	David A. Cherry		
Cunning Giant	5R	6	Creature ? Giant	"If Cunning Giant is unblocked, you may have it assign its combat damage to a creature defending player controls."	R	R	Portal Second Age	93	rare	Jeffrey R. Busch		
Goblin Firestarter	R	1	Creature ? Goblin	"Sacrifice Goblin Firestarter: It deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	R	R	Portal Second Age	96	uncommon	Keith Parkinson		
Goblin Piker	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior		R	R	Portal Second Age	102	common	DiTerlizzi		
Goblin War Cry	2R	3	Sorcery	Target opponent chooses a creature they control. Other creatures they control can't block this turn.	R	R	Portal Second Age	104	uncommon	Michael Weaver		
Obsidian Giant	4R	5	Creature ? Giant		R	R	Portal Second Age	109	uncommon	David A. Cherry		
Ogre Arsonist	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre	"When Ogre Arsonist enters the battlefield, destroy target land."	R	R	Portal Second Age	110	uncommon	Jeffrey R. Busch		
Ogre Berserker	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Berserker	Haste	R	R	Portal Second Age	111	common	David A. Cherry		
Bear Cub	1G	2	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Portal Second Age	123	common	Ron Spencer		
Bee Sting	3G	4	Sorcery	Bee Sting deals 2 damage to any target.	G	G	Portal Second Age	124	uncommon	Cris Dornaus		
Deathcoil Wurm	6GG	8	Creature ? Wurm	You may have Deathcoil Wurm assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.	G	G	Portal Second Age	125	rare	Rebecca Guay		
Deep Wood	1G	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by attacking creatures."	G	G	Portal Second Age	126	uncommon	Jeff Miracola		
Golden Bear	3G	4	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Portal Second Age	127	common	Una Fricker		
Harmony of Nature	2G	3	Sorcery	Tap any number of untapped creatures you control. You gain 4 life for each creature tapped this way.	G	G	Portal Second Age	128	uncommon	Kaja Foglio		
Ironhoof Ox	3GG	5	Creature ? Ox	Ironhoof Ox can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	Portal Second Age	130	uncommon	Una Fricker		
Norwood Priestess	2GG	4	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}: You may put a green creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	G	G	Portal Second Age	137	rare	Melissa A. Benson		
Norwood Riders	3G	4	Creature ? Elf	Norwood Riders can't be blocked by more than one creature.	G	G	Portal Second Age	139	common	Rebecca Guay		
Norwood Warrior	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever Norwood Warrior becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Portal Second Age	140	common	Rebecca Guay		
Plated Wurm	4G	5	Creature ? Wurm		G	G	Portal Second Age	141	common	Daniel Gelon		
Razorclaw Bear	2GG	4	Creature ? Bear	"Whenever Razorclaw Bear becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Portal Second Age	142	rare	Heather Hudson		
Salvage	G	1	Sorcery	Put target card from your graveyard on top of your library.	G	G	Portal Second Age	145	common	Keith Parkinson		
Defiant Stand	1W	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Target creature gets +1/+3 until end of turn. Untap that creature."	W	W	Portal	12	uncommon	Hannibal King		
Fleet-Footed Monk	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk	Fleet-Footed Monk can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or greater.	W	W	Portal	15	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Gift of Estates	1W	2	Sorcery	"If an opponent controls more lands than you, search your library for up to three Plains cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Portal	17	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Harsh Justice	2W	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
This turn, whenever an attacking creature deals combat damage to you, it deals that much damage to its controller."	W	W	Portal	18	rare	John Coulthart		
Keen-Eyed Archers	2W	3	Creature ? Elf Archer	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	W	W	Portal	19	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Renewing Dawn	1W	2	Sorcery	You gain 2 life for each Mountain target opponent controls.	W	W	Portal	23	uncommon	John Avon		
Sacred Knight	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	Sacred Knight can't be blocked by black and/or red creatures.	W	W	Portal	24	common	Donato Giancola		
Spiritual Guardian	3WW	5	Creature ? Spirit	"When Spiritual Guardian enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life."	W	W	Portal	27	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Spotted Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	Flying	W	W	Portal	28	common	William Simpson		
Starlit Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	Flying	W	W	Portal	30	uncommon	Rebecca Guay		
Stern Marshal	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{T}: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	W	W	Portal	32	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Temporary Truce	1W	2	Sorcery	"Each player may draw up to two cards. For each card less than two a player draws this way, that player gains 2 life."	W	W	Portal	33	rare	Mike Raabe		
Valorous Charge	1WW	3	Sorcery	White creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.	W	W	Portal	34	uncommon	Douglas Shuler		
Warrior's Charge	2W	3	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Portal	38	common	Ted Naifeh		
Capricious Sorcerer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Capricious Sorcerer deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	U	U	Portal	43	rare	Zina Saunders		
Cloak of Feathers	U	1	Sorcery	"Target creature gains flying until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Portal	44	common	Rebecca Guay		
Cloud Dragon	5U	6	Creature ? Illusion Dragon	"Flying
Cloud Dragon can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Portal	45	rare	John Avon		
Cloud Pirates	U	1	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Flying
Cloud Pirates can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Portal	46	common	Phil Foglio		
Command of Unsummoning	2U	3	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Return one or two target attacking creatures to their owner's hand."	U	U	Portal	48	uncommon	Phil Foglio		
Cruel Fate	4U	5	Sorcery	Look at the top five cards of target opponent's library. Put one of those cards into that player's graveyard and the rest on top of their library in any order.	U	U	Portal	50	rare	Adrian Smith		
Deep-Sea Serpent	4UU	6	Creature ? Serpent	Deep-Sea Serpent can't attack unless defending player controls an Island.	U	U	Portal	51	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Djinn of the Lamp	5UU	7	Creature ? Djinn	Flying	U	U	Portal	52	rare	DiTerlizzi		
Omen	1U	2	Sorcery	"Look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order. You may shuffle your library.
Draw a card."	U	U	Portal	62	common	Eric Peterson		
Personal Tutor	U	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a sorcery card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it."	U	U	Portal	64	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Sorcerous Sight	U	1	Sorcery	"Look at target opponent's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Portal	68	common	Kaja Foglio		
Symbol of Unsummoning	2U	3	Sorcery	"Return target creature to its owner's hand.
Draw a card."	U	U	Portal	70	common	Adam Rex		
Taunt	U	1	Sorcery	"During target player's next turn, creatures that player controls attack you if able."	U	U	Portal	71	rare	Phil Foglio		
Thing from the Deep	6UUU	9	Creature ? Leviathan	"Whenever Thing from the Deep attacks, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice an Island."	U	U	Portal	73	rare	Paolo Parente		
Withering Gaze	2U	3	Sorcery	Target opponent reveals their hand. You draw a card for each Forest and green card in it.	U	U	Portal	78	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Arrogant Vampire	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	Flying	B	B	Portal	79	uncommon	Zina Saunders		
Assassin's Blade	1B	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Destroy target nonblack attacking creature."	B	B	Portal	80	uncommon	John Matson		
Charging Bandits	4B	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Whenever Charging Bandits attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	B	B	Portal	84	uncommon	Dermot Power		
Craven Knight	1B	2	Creature ? Human Knight	Craven Knight can't block.	B	B	Portal	85	common	Charles Gillespie		
Cruel Bargain	BBB	3	Sorcery	"Draw four cards. You lose half your life, rounded up."	B	B	Portal	86	rare	Adrian Smith		
Cruel Tutor	2B	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it. You lose 2 life."	B	B	Portal	87	rare	Kev Walker		
Dread Charge	3B	4	Sorcery	Black creatures you control can't be blocked this turn except by black creatures.	B	B	Portal	88	rare	Ted Naifeh		
Ebon Dragon	5BB	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Ebon Dragon enters the battlefield, you may have target opponent discard a card."	B	B	Portal	91	rare	Donato Giancola		
Endless Cockroaches	1BB	3	Creature ? Insect	"When Endless Cockroaches dies, return it to its owner's hand."	B	B	Portal	92	rare	Ron Spencer		
Final Strike	2BB	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Final Strike deals damage to target opponent or planeswalker equal to the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	Portal	94	rare	John Coulthart		
King's Assassin	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"{T}: Destroy target tapped creature. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared."	B	B	Portal	98	rare	Zina Saunders		
Mercenary Knight	2B	3	Creature ? Human Mercenary Knight	"When Mercenary Knight enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a creature card."	B	B	Portal	99	rare	Adrian Smith		
Mind Knives	1B	2	Sorcery	Target opponent discards a card at random.	B	B	Portal	100	common	Rebecca Guay		
Nature's Ruin	2B	3	Sorcery	Destroy all green creatures.	B	B	Portal	103	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Noxious Toad	2B	3	Creature ? Frog	"When Noxious Toad dies, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Portal	104	uncommon	Adrian Smith		
Serpent Assassin	3BB	5	Creature ? Snake Assassin	"When Serpent Assassin enters the battlefield, you may destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Portal	108	rare	Roger Raupp		
Skeletal Crocodile	3B	4	Creature ? Crocodile Skeleton		B	B	Portal	110	common	Mike Dringenberg		
Skeletal Snake	1B	2	Creature ? Snake Skeleton		B	B	Portal	111	common	John Matson		
Soul Shred	3BB	5	Sorcery	Soul Shred deals 3 damage to target nonblack creature. You gain 3 life.	B	B	Portal	112	common	Alan Rabinowitz		
Undying Beast	3B	4	Creature ? Beast	"When Undying Beast dies, put it on top of its owner's library."	B	B	Portal	113	common	Steve Luke		
Vampiric Feast	5BB	7	Sorcery	Vampiric Feast deals 4 damage to any target and you gain 4 life.	B	B	Portal	114	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Vampiric Touch	2B	3	Sorcery	Vampiric Touch deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker and you gain 2 life.	B	B	Portal	115	common	Zina Saunders		
Virtue's Ruin	2B	3	Sorcery	Destroy all white creatures.	B	B	Portal	116	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Boiling Seas	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy all Islands.	R	R	Portal	119	uncommon	Tom Wnerstrand		
Burning Cloak	R	1	Sorcery	Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Burning Cloak deals 2 damage to that creature.	R	R	Portal	120	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Desert Drake	3R	4	Creature ? Drake	Flying	R	R	Portal	122	uncommon	Gerry Grace		
Fire Dragon	6RRR	9	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Fire Dragon enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Mountains you control."	R	R	Portal	125	rare	William Simpson		
Fire Imp	2R	3	Creature ? Imp	"When Fire Imp enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Portal	126	uncommon	DiTerlizzi		
Fire Snake	4R	5	Creature ? Snake	"When Fire Snake dies, destroy target land."	R	R	Portal	127	common	Steve Luke		
Forked Lightning	3R	4	Sorcery	"Forked Lightning deals 4 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target creatures."	R	R	Portal	130	rare	Ted Naifeh		
Goblin Bully	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin		R	R	Portal	131	common	Pete Venters		
Highland Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant		R	R	Portal	132	common	Ron Spencer		
Lava Flow	3RR	5	Sorcery	Destroy target creature or land.	R	R	Portal	138	uncommon	Mike Dringenberg		
Minotaur Warrior	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior		R	R	Portal	140	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Pillaging Horde	2RR	4	Creature ? Human Barbarian	"When Pillaging Horde enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a card at random."	R	R	Portal	142	rare	Kev Walker		
Raging Cougar	2R	3	Creature ? Cat	Haste	R	R	Portal	144	common	Terese Nielsen		
Raging Minotaur	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Berserker	Haste	R	R	Portal	146	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Scorching Winds	R	1	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Scorching Winds deals 1 damage to each attacking creature."	R	R	Portal	149	uncommon	D. Alexander Gregory		
Wall of Granite	2R	3	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	R	R	Portal	155	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Elite Cat Warrior	2G	3	Creature ? Cat Warrior	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Portal	163	common	Eric Peterson		
Fruition	G	1	Sorcery	You gain 1 life for each Forest on the battlefield.	G	G	Portal	166	common	Steve Luke		
Jungle Lion	G	1	Creature ? Cat	Jungle Lion can't block.	G	G	Portal	171	common	Janine Johnston		
Mobilize	G	1	Sorcery	Untap all creatures you control.	G	G	Portal	172	common	Rebecca Guay		
Plant Elemental	1G	2	Creature ? Plant Elemental	"When Plant Elemental enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice a Forest."	G	G	Portal	181	uncommon	Ted Naifeh		
Rowan Treefolk	3G	4	Creature ? Treefolk		G	G	Portal	184	common	Gerry Grace		
Sylvan Tutor	G	1	Sorcery	"Search your library for a creature card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it."	G	G	Portal	188	rare	Kaja Foglio		
Thundering Wurm	2G	3	Creature ? Wurm	"When Thundering Wurm enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you discard a land card."	G	G	Portal	189	rare	Paolo Parente		
Treetop Defense	1G	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare attackers step and only if you've been attacked this step.
Creatures you control gain reach until end of turn. (They can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Portal	190	rare	Zina Saunders		
Willow Dryad	G	1	Creature ? Dryad	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Portal	193	common	D. Alexander Gregory		
Spirit Mantle	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has protection from creatures."	W	W	Planechase 2012	12	uncommon	Izzy		
Illusory Angel	2U	3	Creature ? Angel Illusion	"Cast this spell only if you've cast another spell this turn.
Flying"	U	U	Planechase 2012	19	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Wall of Frost	1UU	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender
Whenever Wall of Frost blocks a creature, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Planechase 2012	28	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Warstorm Surge	5R	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, it deals damage equal to its power to any target."	R	R	Planechase 2012	54	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Mitotic Slime	4G	5	Creature ? Ooze	"When Mitotic Slime dies, create two 2/2 green Ooze creature tokens. They have ""When this creature dies, create two 1/1 green Ooze creature tokens."""	G	G	Planechase 2012	67	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Alliance of Arms	W	1	Sorcery	"Join forces ? Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of mana. Each player creates X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way."	W	W	Commander 2011	4	rare	Johann Bodin		
Archangel of Strife	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
As Archangel of Strife enters the battlefield, each player chooses war or peace.
Creatures controlled by players who chose war get +3/+0.
Creatures controlled by players who chose peace get +0/+3."	W	W	Commander 2011	7	rare	Greg Staples		
Celestial Force	5WWW	8	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of each upkeep, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Commander 2011	10	rare	Vronique Meignaud		
Crescendo of War	3W	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, put a strife counter on Crescendo of War.
Attacking creatures get +1/+0 for each strife counter on Crescendo of War.
Blocking creatures you control get +1/+0 for each strife counter on Crescendo of War."	W	W	Commander 2011	12	rare	Daarken		
Martyr's Bond	4WW	6	Enchantment	"Whenever Martyr's Bond or another nonland permanent you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, each opponent sacrifices a permanent that shares a card type with it."	W	W	Commander 2011	19	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Soul Snare	W	1	Enchantment	"{W}, Sacrifice Soul Snare: Exile target creature that's attacking you or a planeswalker you control."	W	W	Commander 2011	32	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
Minds Aglow	U	1	Sorcery	"Join forces ? Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of mana. Each player draws X cards, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way."	U	U	Commander 2011	51	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Riddlekeeper	2U	3	Creature ? Homunculus	"Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, that creature's controller puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Commander 2011	59	rare	Steve Prescott		
Spell Crumple	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put it on the bottom of its owner's library instead of into that player's graveyard. Put Spell Crumple on the bottom of its owner's library."	U	U	Commander 2011	63	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Trench Gorger	6UU	8	Creature ? Leviathan	"Trample
When Trench Gorger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for any number of land cards, exile them, then shuffle your library. If you do, Trench Gorger has base power and base toughness each equal to the number of cards exiled this way."	U	U	Commander 2011	65	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
Vow of Flight	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has flying, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control."	U	U	Commander 2011	68	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Dread Cacodemon	7BBB	10	Creature ? Demon	"When Dread Cacodemon enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, destroy all creatures your opponents control, then tap all other creatures you control."	B	B	Commander 2011	79	rare	Izzy		
Scythe Specter	4BB	6	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Whenever Scythe Specter deals combat damage to a player, each opponent discards a card. Each player who discarded a card with the highest converted mana cost among cards discarded this way loses life equal to that converted mana cost."	B	B	Commander 2011	97	rare	Vincent Proce		
Sewer Nemesis	3B	4	Creature ? Horror	"As Sewer Nemesis enters the battlefield, choose a player.
Sewer Nemesis's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in the chosen player's graveyard.
Whenever the chosen player casts a spell, that player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard."	B	B	Commander 2011	98	rare	Nils Hamm		
Shared Trauma	B	1	Sorcery	"Join forces ? Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of mana. Each player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way."	B	B	Commander 2011	99	rare	Clint Cearley		
Syphon Flesh	4B	5	Sorcery	Each other player sacrifices a creature. You create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token for each creature sacrificed this way.	B	B	Commander 2011	103	uncommon	Ironbrush		
Vow of Malice	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has intimidate, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control. (A creature with intimidate can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)"	B	B	Commander 2011	107	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Avatar of Slaughter	6RR	8	Creature ? Avatar	All creatures have double strike and attack each combat if able.	R	R	Commander 2011	111	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Chaos Warp	2R	3	Instant	"The owner of target permanent shuffles it into their library, then reveals the top card of their library. If it's a permanent card, they put it onto the battlefield."	R	R	Commander 2011	114	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Death by Dragons	4RR	6	Sorcery	Each player other than target player creates a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying.	R	R	Commander 2011	118	uncommon	Austin Hsu		
Magmatic Force	5RRR	8	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of each upkeep, Magmatic Force deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Commander 2011	128	rare	Jung Park		
Mana-Charged Dragon	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, trample
Join forces ? Whenever Mana-Charged Dragon attacks or blocks, each player starting with you may pay any amount of mana. Mana-Charged Dragon gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way."	R	R	Commander 2011	129	rare	Mike Bierek		
Stranglehold	3R	4	Enchantment	"Your opponents can't search libraries.
If an opponent would begin an extra turn, that player skips that turn instead."	R	R	Commander 2011	136	rare	John Stanko		
Vow of Lightning	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has first strike, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control."	R	R	Commander 2011	138	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Collective Voyage	G	1	Sorcery	"Join forces ? Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of mana. Each player searches their library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way, puts them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffles their library."	G	G	Commander 2011	147	rare	Charles Urbach		
Vow of Wildness	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3, has trample, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control."	G	G	Commander 2011	178	uncommon	Jim Pavelec		
"Animar, Soul of Elements"	GUR	3	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"Protection from white and from black
Whenever you cast a creature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Animar, Soul of Elements.
Creature spells you cast cost {1} less to cast for each +1/+1 counter on Animar."	U	U	Commander 2011	181	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
"Damia, Sage of Stone"	4BGU	7	Legendary Creature ? Gorgon Wizard	"Deathtouch
Skip your draw step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have fewer than seven cards in hand, draw cards equal to the difference."	U	U	Commander 2011	191	mythic	Steve Argyle		
"Ghave, Guru of Spores"	2WBG	5	Legendary Creature ? Fungus Shaman	"Ghave, Guru of Spores enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
{1}, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.
{1}, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	W	W	Commander 2011	200	mythic	James Paick		
Kaalia of the Vast	1RWB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Flying
Whenever Kaalia of the Vast attacks an opponent, you may put an Angel, Demon, or Dragon creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking that opponent."	W	W	Commander 2011	206	mythic	Michael Komarck		
"Karador, Ghost Chieftain"	5WBG	8	Legendary Creature ? Centaur Spirit	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
During each of your turns, you may cast one creature card from your graveyard."	W	W	Commander 2011	207	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
The Mimeoplasm	2BGU	5	Legendary Creature ? Ooze	"As The Mimeoplasm enters the battlefield, you may exile two creature cards from graveyards. If you do, it enters the battlefield as a copy of one of those cards with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to the power of the other card."	U	U	Commander 2011	210	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
"Nin, the Pain Artist"	UR	2	Legendary Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{X}{U}{R}, {T}: Nin, the Pain Artist deals X damage to target creature. That creature's controller draws X cards."	U	U	Commander 2011	213	rare	Brad Rigney		
Riku of Two Reflections	2GUR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may pay {U}{R}. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {G}{U}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that creature."	U	U	Commander 2011	220	mythic	Izzy		
Ruhan of the Fomori	1URW	4	Legendary Creature ? Giant Warrior	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose an opponent at random. Ruhan of the Fomori attacks that player this combat if able."	W	W	Commander 2011	221	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
"Skullbriar, the Walking Grave"	BG	2	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Elemental	"Haste
Whenever Skullbriar, the Walking Grave deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Counters remain on Skullbriar as it moves to any zone other than a player's hand or library."	G	G	Commander 2011	227	rare	Nils Hamm		
"Tariel, Reckoner of Souls"	4RWB	7	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
{T}: Choose a creature card at random from target opponent's graveyard. Put that card onto the battlefield under your control."	W	W	Commander 2011	229	mythic	Wayne Reynolds		
"Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter"	4WBB	7	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Flying, lifelink
Sacrifice a creature: Put X +1/+1 counters on Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter, where X is the sacrificed creature's power.
Remove all +1/+1 counters from Vish Kal: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each +1/+1 counter removed this way."	W	W	Commander 2011	234	rare	Michael C. Hayes		
Zedruu the Greathearted	1URW	4	Legendary Creature ? Minotaur Monk	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the number of permanents you own that your opponents control.
{U}{R}{W}: Target opponent gains control of target permanent you control."	W	W	Commander 2011	240	mythic	Mark Zug		
Acorn Catapult	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Acorn Catapult deals 1 damage to any target. That permanent's controller or that player creates a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token."			Commander 2011	241	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Champion's Helm	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
As long as equipped creature is legendary, it has hexproof. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Equip {1}"			Commander 2011	244	rare	Alan Pollack		
Homeward Path		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Each player gains control of all creatures they own."			Commander 2011	277	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Act of Authority	1WW	3	Enchantment	"When Act of Authority enters the battlefield, you may exile target artifact or enchantment.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile target artifact or enchantment. If you do, its controller gains control of Act of Authority."	W	W	Commander 2013	1	rare	Vronique Meignaud		
Angel of Finality	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Angel of Finality enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target player's graveyard."	W	W	Commander 2013	4	rare	Howard Lyon		
Curse of the Forsaken	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a creature attacks enchanted player, its controller gains 1 life."	W	W	Commander 2013	8	uncommon	William Wu		
Darksteel Mutation	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature is an Insect artifact creature with base power and toughness 0/1 and has indestructible, and it loses all other abilities, card types, and creature types."	W	W	Commander 2013	9	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Mystic Barrier	4W	5	Enchantment	"When Mystic Barrier enters the battlefield or at the beginning of your upkeep, choose left or right.
Each player may attack only the nearest opponent in the last chosen direction and planeswalkers controlled by that player."	W	W	Commander 2013	18	rare	Matt Stewart		
Serene Master	1W	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Whenever Serene Master blocks, exchange its power and the power of target creature it's blocking until end of combat."	W	W	Commander 2013	20	rare	Mark Zug		
Tempt with Glory	5W	6	Sorcery	"Tempting offer ? Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Each opponent may put a +1/+1 counter on each creature they control. For each opponent who does, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Commander 2013	24	rare	Michael Komarck		
Unexpectedly Absent	XWW	2	Instant	Put target nonland permanent into its owner's library just beneath the top X cards of that library.	W	W	Commander 2013	25	rare	Min Yum		
Curse of Inertia	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a player attacks enchanted player with one or more creatures, that attacking player may tap or untap target permanent of their choice."	U	U	Commander 2013	36	uncommon	Jasper Sandner		
Diviner Spirit	4U	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever Diviner Spirit deals combat damage to a player, you and that player each draw that many cards."	U	U	Commander 2013	40	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Djinn of Infinite Deceits	4UU	6	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
{T}: Exchange control of two target nonlegendary creatures. You can't activate this ability during combat."	U	U	Commander 2013	41	rare	Robbie Trevino		
Illusionist's Gambit	2UU	4	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step on an opponent's turn.
Remove all attacking creatures from combat and untap them. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase. Each of those creatures attacks that combat if able. They can't attack you or a planeswalker you control that combat."	U	U	Commander 2013	47	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Order of Succession	3U	4	Sorcery	"Choose left or right. Starting with you and proceeding in the chosen direction, each player chooses a creature controlled by the next player in that direction. Each player gains control of the creature they chose."	U	U	Commander 2013	52	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Tempt with Reflections	3U	4	Sorcery	"Tempting offer ? Choose target creature you control. Create a token that's a copy of that creature. Each opponent may create a token that's a copy of that creature. For each opponent who does, create a token that's a copy of that creature."	U	U	Commander 2013	60	rare	Mike Bierek		
Tidal Force	5UUU	8	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of each upkeep, you may tap or untap target permanent."	U	U	Commander 2013	62	rare	Phill Simmer		
True-Name Nemesis	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"As True-Name Nemesis enters the battlefield, choose a player.
True-Name Nemesis has protection from the chosen player. (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything controlled by that player.)"	U	U	Commander 2013	63	rare	Zack Stella		
Baleful Force	5BBB	8	Creature ? Elemental	"At the beginning of each upkeep, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Commander 2013	70	rare	Eytan Zana		
Curse of Shallow Graves	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a player attacks enchanted player with one or more creatures, that attacking player may create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Commander 2013	71	uncommon	Karla Ortiz		
Fell Shepherd	5BB	7	Creature ? Avatar	"Whenever Fell Shepherd deals combat damage to a player, you may return to your hand all creature cards that were put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.
{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Commander 2013	78	rare	Brad Rigney		
Hooded Horror	4B	5	Creature ? Horror	Hooded Horror can't be blocked as long as defending player controls the most creatures or is tied for the most.	B	B	Commander 2013	80	uncommon	Allen Williams		
Ophiomancer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"At the beginning of each upkeep, if you control no Snakes, create a 1/1 black Snake creature token with deathtouch."	B	B	Commander 2013	84	rare	John Stanko		
Price of Knowledge	6B	7	Enchantment	"Players have no maximum hand size.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Price of Knowledge deals damage to that player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand."	B	B	Commander 2013	89	rare	Dan Scott		
Tempt with Immortality	4B	5	Sorcery	"Tempting offer ? Return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Each opponent may return a creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield. For each opponent who does, return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Commander 2013	95	rare	Philip Straub		
Toxic Deluge	2B	3	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn."	B	B	Commander 2013	96	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Curse of Chaos	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a player attacks enchanted player with one or more creatures, that attacking player may discard a card. If the player does, they draw a card."	R	R	Commander 2013	105	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
From the Ashes	3R	4	Sorcery	"Destroy all nonbasic lands. For each land destroyed this way, its controller may search their library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	R	R	Commander 2013	108	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Sudden Demise	XR	1	Sorcery	Choose a color. Sudden Demise deals X damage to each creature of the chosen color.	R	R	Commander 2013	124	rare	Dan Scott		
Tempt with Vengeance	XR	1	Sorcery	"Tempting offer ? Create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. Each opponent may create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. For each opponent who does, create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste."	R	R	Commander 2013	125	rare	Ryan Barger		
Terra Ravager	2RR	4	Creature ? Elemental Beast	"Whenever Terra Ravager attacks, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of lands defending player controls."	R	R	Commander 2013	126	uncommon	Ralph Horsley		
Widespread Panic	2R	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a spell or ability causes its controller to shuffle their library, that player puts a card from their hand on top of their library."	R	R	Commander 2013	131	rare	Dave Kendall		
Witch Hunt	4R	5	Enchantment	"Players can't gain life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, Witch Hunt deals 4 damage to you.
At the beginning of your end step, target opponent chosen at random gains control of Witch Hunt."	R	R	Commander 2013	133	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Bane of Progress	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental	"When Bane of Progress enters the battlefield, destroy all artifacts and enchantments. Put a +1/+1 counter on Bane of Progress for each permanent destroyed this way."	G	G	Commander 2013	137	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Curse of Predation	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever a creature attacks enchanted player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Commander 2013	140	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Naya Soulbeast	6GG	8	Creature ? Beast	"When you cast this spell, each player reveals the top card of their library. Naya Soulbeast enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the total converted mana cost of all cards revealed this way.
Trample"	G	G	Commander 2013	157	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Primal Vigor	4G	5	Enchantment	"If one or more tokens would be created, twice that many of those tokens are created instead.
If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature, twice that many +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead."	G	G	Commander 2013	162	rare	Matt Stewart		
Restore	1G	2	Sorcery	Put target land card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	G	G	Commander 2013	167	uncommon	John Avon		
Spawning Grounds	6GG	8	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
Enchanted land has ""{T}: Create a 5/5 green Beast creature token with trample."""	G	G	Commander 2013	171	rare	Vincent Proce		
Tempt with Discovery	3G	4	Sorcery	"Tempting offer ? Search your library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. Each opponent may search their library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. For each opponent who searches a library this way, search your library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched a library this way shuffles it."	G	G	Commander 2013	174	rare	William Wu		
"Gahiji, Honored One"	2RGW	5	Legendary Creature ? Beast	"Whenever a creature attacks one of your opponents or a planeswalker an opponent controls, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	W	W	Commander 2013	191	mythic	Brynn Metheney		
"Jeleva, Nephalia's Scourge"	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Flying
When Jeleva, Nephalia's Scourge enters the battlefield, each player exiles the top X cards of their library, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Jeleva.
Whenever Jeleva attacks, you may cast an instant or sorcery card exiled with it without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Commander 2013	194	mythic	Cynthia Sheppard		
"Nekusar, the Mindrazer"	2UBR	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.
Whenever an opponent draws a card, Nekusar, the Mindrazer deals 1 damage to that player."	U	U	Commander 2013	201	mythic	Mark Winters		
"Prossh, Skyraider of Kher"	3BRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"When you cast this spell, create X 0/1 red Kobold creature tokens named Kobolds of Kher Keep, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Prossh.
Flying
Sacrifice another creature: Prossh, Skyraider of Kher gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Commander 2013	204	mythic	Todd Lockwood		
Roon of the Hidden Realm	2GWU	5	Legendary Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"Vigilance, trample
{2}, {T}: Exile another target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	W	W	Commander 2013	206	mythic	Steve Prescott		
Shattergang Brothers	1BRG	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"{2}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Each other player sacrifices a creature.
{2}{R}, Sacrifice an artifact: Each other player sacrifices an artifact.
{2}{G}, Sacrifice an enchantment: Each other player sacrifices an enchantment."	R	R	Commander 2013	213	mythic	Kev Walker		
"Sydri, Galvanic Genius"	WUB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"{U}: Target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost until end of turn.
{W}{B}: Target artifact creature gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Commander 2013	220	mythic	Terese Nielsen		
Eye of Doom	4	4	Artifact	"When Eye of Doom enters the battlefield, each player chooses a nonland permanent and puts a doom counter on it.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Eye of Doom: Destroy each permanent with a doom counter on it."			Commander 2013	243	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Surveyor's Scope	2	2	Artifact	"{T}, Exile Surveyor's Scope: Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the number of players who control at least two more lands than you. Put those cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Commander 2013	262	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Tribute to the Wild	1G	2	Instant	Each opponent sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.	G	G	Commander 2011	175	uncommon	Hideaki Takamura		
Command Tower		0	Land	{T}: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity.			Commander 2011	269	common	Ryan Yee		
Opal Palace		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity. If you spend this mana to cast your commander, it enters the battlefield with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of times it's been cast from the command zone this game."			Commander 2013	310	common	Andreas Rocha		
Fire Servant	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental	"If a red instant or sorcery spell you control would deal damage, it deals double that damage instead."	R	R	Premium Deck Series: Fire and Lightning	15	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Reverberate	RR	2	Instant	Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.	R	R	Premium Deck Series: Fire and Lightning	20	rare	jD		
Honor of the Pure	1W	2	Enchantment	White creatures you control get +1/+1.	W	W	Modern Event Deck 2014	6	rare	Greg Staples		
Air Servant	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
{2}{U}: Tap target creature with flying."	U	U	Conspiracy	90	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Ajani's Sunstriker	WW	2	Creature ? Cat Cleric	Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Conspiracy	66	common	Matt Stewart		
Pride Guardian	W	1	Creature ? Cat Monk	"Defender
Whenever Pride Guardian blocks, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Conspiracy	77	common	Chris Rahn		
Stave Off	W	1	Instant	Target creature gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Conspiracy	83	common	Mark Zug		
Liliana's Specter	1BB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
When Liliana's Specter enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card."	B	B	Conspiracy	116	common	Vance Kovacs		
Zombie Goliath	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Giant		B	B	Conspiracy	135	common	E. M. Gist		
Cemetery Reaper	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.
{2}{B}, {T}: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Archenemy	12	rare	Dave Allsop		
Sorcerer's Strongbox	4	4	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, sacrifice Sorcerer's Strongbox and draw three cards."			Archenemy	116	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Sign in Blood	BB	2	Sorcery	Target player draws two cards and loses 2 life.	B	B	Archenemy	25	common	Howard Lyon		
Chandra's Outrage	2RR	4	Instant	Chandra's Outrage deals 4 damage to target creature and 2 damage to that creature's controller.	R	R	Archenemy	32	common	Christopher Moeller		
Augury Owl	1U	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Augury Owl enters the battlefield, scry 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Planechase 2012	14	common	Jim Nelson		
Tormented Soul	B	1	Creature ? Spirit	Tormented Soul can't block and can't be blocked.	B	B	Planechase 2012	38	common	Karl Kopinski		
Cultivate	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Planechase 2012	62	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Elite Vanguard	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier		W	W	Duel Decks: Elspeth vs. Tezzeret	2	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Scroll Thief	2U	3	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Whenever Scroll Thief deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Duel Decks: Venser vs. Koth	7	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Safe Passage	2W	3	Instant	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and creatures you control this turn.	W	W	Duel Decks: Venser vs. Koth	29	common	Christopher Moeller		
Duskhunter Bat	1B	2	Creature ? Bat	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Flying"	B	B	Duel Decks: Sorin vs. Tibalt	6	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Bloodrage Vampire	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Duel Decks: Sorin vs. Tibalt	10	common	Steve Prescott		
Dawnstrike Paladin	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Duel Decks: Heroes vs. Monsters	14	common	Tyler Jacobson		
Deadly Recluse	1G	2	Creature ? Spider	"Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Duel Decks: Heroes vs. Monsters	45	common	Warren Mahy		
Blood Ogre	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	R	R	Duel Decks: Heroes vs. Monsters	49	common	Christopher Moeller		
Gorehorn Minotaurs	2RR	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Bloodthirst 2 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.)"	R	R	Duel Decks: Heroes vs. Monsters	52	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Jace's Phantasm	U	1	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
Jace's Phantasm gets +4/+4 as long as an opponent has ten or more cards in their graveyard."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	3	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Phantasmal Bear	U	1	Creature ? Bear Illusion	"When Phantasmal Bear becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	4	common	Ryan Yee		
Aether Adept	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Aether Adept enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	12	common	Eric Deschamps		
Archaeomancer	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Archaeomancer enters the battlefield, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	13	common	Zoltan Boros		
Seismic Strike	2R	3	Instant	Seismic Strike deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Mountains you control.	R	R	Duel Decks: Knights vs. Dragons	71	common	Christopher Moeller		
Fiery Hellhound	1RR	3	Creature ? Elemental Hound	{R}: Fiery Hellhound gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	R	R	Duel Decks: Venser vs. Koth	49	common	Ted Galaday		
Angelic Arbiter	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Each opponent who cast a spell this turn can't attack with creatures.
Each opponent who attacked with a creature this turn can't cast spells."	W	W	Commander 2011	5	rare	Steve Argyle		
Conundrum Sphinx	2UU	4	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever Conundrum Sphinx attacks, each player chooses a card name. Then each player reveals the top card of their library. If the card a player revealed has the name they chose, that player puts it into their hand. If it doesn't, that player puts it on the bottom of their library."	U	U	Commander 2011	42	rare	Michael Komarck		
Doom Blade	1B	2	Instant	Destroy target nonblack creature.	B	B	Commander 2011	78	common	Chippy		
Acidic Slime	3GG	5	Creature ? Ooze	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
When Acidic Slime enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact, enchantment, or land."	G	G	Commander 2011	140	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Flusterstorm	U	1	Instant	"Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays {1}.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	U	U	Commander 2011	46	rare	Erica Yang		
Hornet Queen	4GGG	7	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
When Hornet Queen enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 green Insect creature tokens with flying and deathtouch."	G	G	Commander 2011	159	rare	Martina Pilcerova		
Scavenging Ooze	1G	2	Creature ? Ooze	"{G}: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a creature card, put a +1/+1 counter on Scavenging Ooze and you gain 1 life."	G	G	Commander 2011	170	rare	Austin Hsu		
Jace's Archivist	1UU	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way."	U	U	Commander 2013	48	rare	James Ryman		
Sanguine Bond	3BB	5	Enchantment	"Whenever you gain life, target opponent loses that much life."	B	B	Commander 2013	92	rare	Jaime Jones		
Capricious Efreet	4RR	6	Creature ? Efreet	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose target nonland permanent you control and up to two target nonland permanents you don't control. Destroy one of them at random."	R	R	Commander 2013	102	rare	Justin Sweet		
Inferno Titan	4RR	6	Creature ? Giant	"{R}: Inferno Titan gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever Inferno Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, it deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets."	R	R	Commander 2013	114	mythic	Kev Walker		
Jade Mage	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	{2}{G}: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.	G	G	Commander 2013	151	uncommon	Izzy		
Druidic Satchel	3	3	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token. If it's a land card, put that card onto the battlefield under your control. If it's a noncreature, nonland card, you gain 2 life."			Commander 2013	242	rare	Matt Stewart		
Swiftfoot Boots	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has hexproof and haste.
Equip {1}"			Commander 2013	263	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Temple Bell	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Each player draws a card.			Commander 2013	265	rare	Mark Tedin		
Viscera Seer	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	Sacrifice a creature: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	B	B	Commander 2013	99	common	John Stanko		
Serpent of the Endless Sea	4U	5	Creature ? Serpent	"Serpent of the Endless Sea's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Islands you control.
Serpent of the Endless Sea can't attack unless defending player controls an Island."	U	U	Magic 2010	70	common	Kieran Yanner		
Tome Scour	U	1	Sorcery	Target player puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Magic 2010	76	common	Steven Belledin		
Zephyr Sprite	U	1	Creature ? Faerie	Flying	U	U	Magic 2010	82	common	Kev Walker		
Acolyte of Xathrid	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{1}{B}, {T}: Target player loses 1 life."	B	B	Magic 2010	83	common	Chris Rahn		
Disentomb	B	1	Sorcery	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	B	B	Magic 2010	92	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Dread Warlock	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	Dread Warlock can't be blocked except by black creatures.	B	B	Magic 2010	94	common	Daarken		
Kelinore Bat	2B	3	Creature ? Bat	Flying	B	B	Magic 2010	101	common	Dave Kendall		
Soul Bleed	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player loses 1 life."	B	B	Magic 2010	113	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Vampire Aristocrat	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	Sacrifice a creature: Vampire Aristocrat gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic 2010	117	common	Austin Hsu		
Warpath Ghoul	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie		B	B	Magic 2010	120	common	rk post		
Berserkers of Blood Ridge	4R	5	Creature ? Human Berserker	Berserkers of Blood Ridge attacks each combat if able.	R	R	Magic 2010	126	common	Karl Kopinski		
Burning Inquiry	R	1	Sorcery	"Each player draws three cards, then discards three cards at random."	R	R	Magic 2010	128	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Burst of Speed	R	1	Sorcery	Creatures you control gain haste until end of turn. (They can attack and {T} even if they just came under your control.)	R	R	Magic 2010	129	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Jackal Familiar	R	1	Creature ? Jackal	Jackal Familiar can't attack or block alone.	R	R	Magic 2010	143	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Viashino Spearhunter	2R	3	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	R	R	Magic 2010	161	common	Carl Critchlow		
Yawning Fissure	4R	5	Sorcery	Each opponent sacrifices a land.	R	R	Magic 2010	164	common	Vronique Meignaud		
Bountiful Harvest	4G	5	Sorcery	You gain 1 life for each land you control.	G	G	Magic 2010	170	common	Jason Chan		
Bramble Creeper	4G	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever Bramble Creeper attacks, it gets +5/+0 until end of turn."	G	G	Magic 2010	171	common	Carl Critchlow		
Emerald Oryx	3G	4	Creature ? Antelope	Forestwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)	G	G	Magic 2010	179	common	Daren Bader		
Entangling Vines	3G	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant tapped creature
Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	G	G	Magic 2010	181	common	Thomas M. Baxa		
Mist Leopard	3G	4	Creature ? Cat	Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Magic 2010	193	common	John Matson		
Regenerate	1G	2	Instant	"Regenerate target creature. (The next time that creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Magic 2010	202	common	Rebecca Guay		
Runeclaw Bear	1G	2	Creature ? Bear		G	G	Magic 2010	203	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Stampeding Rhino	4G	5	Creature ? Rhino	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Magic 2010	204	common	Steven Belledin		
Ajani's Mantra	1W	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may gain 1 life."	W	W	Magic 2011	2	common	James Paick		
Blinding Mage	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Magic 2011	8	common	Eric Deschamps		
Cloud Crusader	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Flying
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Magic 2011	10	common	Aleksi Briclot		
Palace Guard	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Palace Guard can block any number of creatures.	W	W	Magic 2011	24	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Siege Mastodon	4W	5	Creature ? Elephant		W	W	Magic 2011	29	common	Matt Cavotta		
Silvercoat Lion	1W	2	Creature ? Cat		W	W	Magic 2011	31	common	Terese Nielsen		
Solemn Offering	2W	3	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 4 life.	W	W	Magic 2011	32	common	Sam Wood		
Squadron Hawk	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Squadron Hawk enters the battlefield, you may search your library for up to three cards named Squadron Hawk, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Magic 2011	33	common	Rob Alexander		
Stormfront Pegasus	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	Flying	W	W	Magic 2011	34	common	rk post		
Tireless Missionaries	4W	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Tireless Missionaries enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Magic 2011	36	common	Dave Kendall		
Armored Cancrix	4U	5	Creature ? Crab		U	U	Magic 2011	44	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Diminish	U	1	Instant	Target creature has base power and toughness 1/1 until end of turn.	U	U	Magic 2011	52	common	Eric Deschamps		
Harbor Serpent	4UU	6	Creature ? Serpent	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Harbor Serpent can't attack unless there are five or more Islands on the battlefield."	U	U	Magic 2011	56	common	Daarken		
Ice Cage	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
When enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, destroy Ice Cage."	U	U	Magic 2011	57	common	Mike Bierek		
Jace's Erasure	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you draw a card, you may have target player put the top card of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Magic 2011	59	common	Jason Chan		
Maritime Guard	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier		U	U	Magic 2011	63	common	Allen Williams		
Merfolk Spy	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Rogue	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Whenever Merfolk Spy deals combat damage to a player, that player reveals a card at random from their hand."	U	U	Magic 2011	66	common	Matt Cavotta & Richard Whitters		
Phantom Beast	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion Beast	"When Phantom Beast becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Magic 2011	69	common	Ryan Yee		
Barony Vampire	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire		B	B	Magic 2011	82	common	Daarken		
Blood Tithe	3B	4	Sorcery	Each opponent loses 3 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	B	B	Magic 2011	84	common	Robh Ruppel		
Nether Horror	3B	4	Creature ? Horror		B	B	Magic 2011	108	common	Allen Williams		
Nightwing Shade	4B	5	Creature ? Shade	"Flying
{1}{B}: Nightwing Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Magic 2011	109	common	Lucas Graciano		
Quag Sickness	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 for each Swamp you control."	B	B	Magic 2011	111	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Rotting Legion	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	Rotting Legion enters the battlefield tapped.	B	B	Magic 2011	115	common	Carl Critchlow		
Stabbing Pain	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Tap that creature.	B	B	Magic 2011	118	common	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Arc Runner	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Ox	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Arc Runner."	R	R	Magic 2011	123	common	Nils Hamm		
Bloodcrazed Goblin	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Berserker	Bloodcrazed Goblin can't attack unless an opponent has been dealt damage this turn.	R	R	Magic 2011	125	common	Steve Prescott		
Incite	R	1	Instant	Target creature becomes red until end of turn and attacks this turn if able.	R	R	Magic 2011	145	common	Scott Chou		
Manic Vandal	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Manic Vandal enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact."	R	R	Magic 2011	151	common	Christopher Moeller		
Pyretic Ritual	1R	2	Instant	Add {R}{R}{R}.	R	R	Magic 2011	153	common	James Paick		
Thunder Strike	1R	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	R	R	Magic 2011	157	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Volcanic Strength	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has mountainwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Mountain.)"	R	R	Magic 2011	158	common	Izzy		
Brindle Boar	2G	3	Creature ? Boar	Sacrifice Brindle Boar: You gain 4 life.	G	G	Magic 2011	166	common	Dave Allsop		
Dryad's Favor	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has forestwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls a Forest.)"	G	G	Magic 2011	169	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Garruk's Companion	GG	2	Creature ? Beast	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Magic 2011	176	common	Efrem Palacios		
Greater Basilisk	3GG	5	Creature ? Basilisk	Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	G	G	Magic 2011	180	common	James Ryman		
Hornet Sting	G	1	Instant	Hornet Sting deals 1 damage to any target.	G	G	Magic 2011	181	common	Matt Stewart		
Hunters' Feast	3G	4	Sorcery	Any number of target players each gain 6 life.	G	G	Magic 2011	182	common	Matt Stewart		
Primal Cocoon	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature.
When enchanted creature attacks or blocks, sacrifice Primal Cocoon."	G	G	Magic 2011	191	common	Daniel Ljunggren		
Sacred Wolf	2G	3	Creature ? Wolf	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Magic 2011	196	common	Matt Stewart		
Sylvan Ranger	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Sylvan Ranger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2011	198	common	Christopher Moeller		
Armored Warhorse	WW	2	Creature ? Horse		W	W	Magic 2012	7	common	rk post		
Benalish Veteran	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Benalish Veteran attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic 2012	10	common	Steven Belledin		
Divine Favor	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Divine Favor enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3."	W	W	Magic 2012	14	common	Allen Williams		
Gideon's Lawkeeper	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Magic 2012	18	common	Steve Prescott		
Griffin Rider	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"As long as you control a Griffin creature, Griffin Rider gets +3/+3 and has flying."	W	W	Magic 2012	20	common	Steve Prescott		
Griffin Sentinel	2W	3	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)"	W	W	Magic 2012	21	common	Warren Mahy		
Guardians' Pledge	1WW	3	Instant	White creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Magic 2012	22	common	Christopher Moeller		
Lifelink	W	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has lifelink. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Magic 2012	24	common	Terese Nielsen		
Peregrine Griffin	4W	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	W	W	Magic 2012	29	common	Steve Prescott		
Stonehorn Dignitary	3W	4	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"When Stonehorn Dignitary enters the battlefield, target opponent skips their next combat phase."	W	W	Magic 2012	37	common	Dave Kendall		
Amphin Cutthroat	3U	4	Creature ? Salamander Rogue		U	U	Magic 2012	43	common	Howard Lyon		
Aven Fleetwing	3U	4	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying
Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Magic 2012	44	common	Wayne Reynolds		
Chasm Drake	4U	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Whenever Chasm Drake attacks, target creature you control gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Magic 2012	48	common	Anthony Francisco		
Frost Breath	2U	3	Instant	Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controller's next untap step.	U	U	Magic 2012	54	common	Mike Bierek		
Merfolk Mesmerist	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{U}, {T}: Target player puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Magic 2012	66	common	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Skywinder Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Skywinder Drake can block only creatures with flying."	U	U	Magic 2012	75	common	Dan Scott		
Dark Favor	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Dark Favor enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+1."	B	B	Magic 2012	89	common	Allen Williams		
Devouring Swarm	1BB	3	Creature ? Insect	"Flying
Sacrifice a creature: Devouring Swarm gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Magic 2012	91	common	Wayne England		
Drifting Shade	3B	4	Creature ? Shade	"Flying
{B}: Drifting Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Magic 2012	96	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Hideous Visage	2B	3	Sorcery	Creatures you control gain intimidate until end of turn. (Each of those creatures can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)	B	B	Magic 2012	100	common	Nils Hamm		
Taste of Blood	B	1	Sorcery	Taste of Blood deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and you gain 1 life.	B	B	Magic 2012	113	common	Howard Lyon		
Wring Flesh	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets -3/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic 2012	118	common	Izzy		
Bonebreaker Giant	4R	5	Creature ? Giant		R	R	Magic 2012	123	common	Kev Walker		
Goblin Fireslinger	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	{T}: Goblin Fireslinger deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Magic 2012	139	common	Pete Venters		
Wall of Torches	1R	2	Creature ? Wall	Defender (This creature can't attack.)	R	R	Magic 2012	159	common	Mike Bierek		
Arachnus Web	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated.
At the beginning of the end step, if enchanted creature's power is 4 or greater, destroy Arachnus Web."	G	G	Magic 2012	163	common	Karl Kopinski		
Gladecover Scout	G	1	Creature ? Elf Scout	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Magic 2012	178	common	Allen Williams		
Lurking Crocodile	2G	3	Creature ? Crocodile	"Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"	G	G	Magic 2012	184	common	Donato Giancola		
Trollhide	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has ""{1}{G}: Regenerate this creature."" (The next time the creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Magic 2012	199	common	Steven Belledin		
Celestial Flare	WW	2	Instant	Target player sacrifices an attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Magic 2014	12	common	Clint Cearley		
Charging Griffin	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever Charging Griffin attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic 2014	13	common	Erica Yang		
Hive Stirrings	2W	3	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 colorless Sliver creature tokens.	W	W	Magic 2014	21	common	Maciej Kuciara		
Master of Diversion	2W	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"Whenever Master of Diversion attacks, tap target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Magic 2014	24	common	Michael Komarck		
Sentinel Sliver	1W	2	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause them to tap.)	W	W	Magic 2014	30	common	Maciej Kuciara		
Show of Valor	1W	2	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+4 until end of turn.	W	W	Magic 2014	33	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Soulmender	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: You gain 1 life.	W	W	Magic 2014	37	common	James Ryman		
Messenger Drake	3UU	5	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
When Messenger Drake dies, draw a card."	U	U	Magic 2014	63	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Seacoast Drake	1U	2	Creature ? Drake	Flying	U	U	Magic 2014	70	common	Scott Chou		
Trained Condor	2U	3	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Trained Condor attacks, another target creature you control gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Magic 2014	76	common	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Zephyr Charge	1U	2	Enchantment	{1}{U}: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.	U	U	Magic 2014	82	common	Steve Prescott		
Accursed Spirit	3B	4	Creature ? Spirit	Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)	B	B	Magic 2014	83	common	Kev Walker		
Blood Bairn	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	Sacrifice another creature: Blood Bairn gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic 2014	87	common	Ryan Yee		
Corpse Hauler	1B	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"{2}{B}, Sacrifice Corpse Hauler: Return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Magic 2014	90	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Deathgaze Cockatrice	2BB	4	Creature ? Cockatrice	"Flying
Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Magic 2014	94	common	Kev Walker		
Festering Newt	B	1	Creature ? Salamander	"When Festering Newt dies, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn. That creature gets -4/-4 instead if you control a creature named Bogbrew Witch."	B	B	Magic 2014	98	common	Eric Deschamps		
Liturgy of Blood	3BB	5	Sorcery	Destroy target creature. Add {B}{B}{B}.	B	B	Magic 2014	104	common	Zack Stella		
Minotaur Abomination	4BB	6	Creature ? Zombie Minotaur		B	B	Magic 2014	107	common	Karl Kopinski		
Shadowborn Apostle	B	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	"A deck can have any number of cards named Shadowborn Apostle.
{B}, Sacrifice six creatures named Shadowborn Apostle: Search your library for a Demon creature card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library."	B	B	Magic 2014	114	common	Lucas Graciano		
Undead Minotaur	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Minotaur		B	B	Magic 2014	119	common	Karl Kopinski		
Vile Rebirth	B	1	Instant	Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.	B	B	Magic 2014	121	common	Erica Yang		
Academy Raider	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Whenever Academy Raider deals combat damage to a player, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card."	R	R	Magic 2014	124	common	Karl Kopinski		
Blur Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have haste. (They can attack and {T} as soon as they come under your control.)	R	R	Magic 2014	129	common	Daarken		
Cyclops Tyrant	5R	6	Creature ? Cyclops	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Cyclops Tyrant can't block creatures with power 2 or less."	R	R	Magic 2014	135	common	Zack Stella		
Dragon Hatchling	1R	2	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Dragon Hatchling gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Magic 2014	138	common	David Palumbo		
Marauding Maulhorn	2RR	4	Creature ? Beast	Marauding Maulhorn attacks each combat if able unless you control a creature named Advocate of the Beast.	R	R	Magic 2014	145	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Regathan Firecat	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Cat		R	R	Magic 2014	150	common	Eric Velhagen		
Seismic Stomp	1R	2	Sorcery	Creatures without flying can't block this turn.	R	R	Magic 2014	152	common	Chase Stone		
Striking Sliver	R	1	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have first strike. (They deal combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	R	R	Magic 2014	157	common	Maciej Kuciara		
Wild Guess	RR	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards."	R	R	Magic 2014	161	common	Lucas Graciano		
Advocate of the Beast	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on target Beast creature you control."	G	G	Magic 2014	164	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Elvish Mystic	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}.	G	G	Magic 2014	169	common	Wesley Burt		
Groundshaker Sliver	6G	7	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have trample. (A creature with trample can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Magic 2014	177	common	Chase Stone		
Predatory Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control get +1/+1.	G	G	Magic 2014	189	common	Mathias Kollros		
Rumbling Baloth	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Magic 2014	193	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Sporemound	3GG	5	Creature ? Fungus	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token."	G	G	Magic 2014	196	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Sliver Construct	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Sliver Construct				Magic 2014	218	common	Mathias Kollros		
Stone Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem				Magic 2011	215	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Crimson Mage	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	{R}: Target creature you control gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)	R	R	Magic 2012	129	uncommon	Izzy		
Warden of Evos Isle	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Creature spells with flying you cast cost {1} less to cast."	U	U	Magic 2014	79	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Gnawing Zombie	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Magic 2014	99	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Molten Birth	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Create two 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens, then flip a coin. If you win the flip, return Molten Birth to its owner's hand."	R	R	Magic 2014	147	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Circle of Flame	1R	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature without flying attacks you or a planeswalker you control, Circle of Flame deals 1 damage to that creature."	R	R	Magic 2012	127	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Howling Banshee	2BB	4	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
When Howling Banshee enters the battlefield, each player loses 3 life."	B	B	Duel Decks: Garruk vs. Liliana	43	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Elixir of Immortality	1	1	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: You gain 5 life. Shuffle Elixir of Immortality and your graveyard into their owner's library."			Duel Decks: Elspeth vs. Tezzeret	62	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Knight Exemplar	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Other Knight creatures you control get +1/+1 and have indestructible. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them.)"	W	W	Duel Decks: Knights vs. Dragons	14	rare	Jason Chan		
Harm's Way	W	1	Instant	The next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	W	W	Duel Decks: Knights vs. Dragons	23	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Sphinx of Uthuun	5UU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Sphinx of Uthuun enters the battlefield, reveal the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard."	U	U	Duel Decks: Venser vs. Koth	22	rare	Kekai Kotaki		
Earth Servant	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	Earth Servant gets +0/+1 for each Mountain you control.	R	R	Duel Decks: Venser vs. Koth	60	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Stingerfling Spider	4G	5	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
When Stingerfling Spider enters the battlefield, you may destroy target creature with flying."	G	G	Duel Decks: Izzet vs. Golgari	61	uncommon	Dave Allsop		
Vampire Outcasts	2BB	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Bloodthirst 2 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Duel Decks: Sorin vs. Tibalt	15	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Chronomaton	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"{1}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Chronomaton."			Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	2	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
Phantasmal Dragon	2UU	4	Creature ? Dragon Illusion	"Flying
When Phantasmal Dragon becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	14	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Jace's Mindseeker	4UU	6	Creature ? Fish Illusion	"Flying
When Jace's Mindseeker enters the battlefield, target opponent puts the top five cards of their library into their graveyard. You may cast an instant or sorcery card from among them without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	19	rare	Greg Staples		
Spelltwine	5U	6	Sorcery	Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard and target instant or sorcery card from an opponent's graveyard. Copy those cards. Cast the copies if able without paying their mana costs. Exile Spelltwine.	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	34	rare	Noah Bradley		
Sun Titan	4WW	6	Creature ? Giant	"Vigilance
Whenever Sun Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, you may return target permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Duel Decks: Heroes vs. Monsters	1	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
Jace's Ingenuity	3UU	5	Instant	Draw three cards.	U	U	Duel Decks: Jace vs. Vraska	32	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Attended Knight	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike
When Attended Knight enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Magic 2013	5	common	Seb McKinnon		
Battleflight Eagle	4W	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
When Battleflight Eagle enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Magic 2013	7	common	Kev Walker		
Captain's Call	3W	4	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.	W	W	Magic 2013	9	common	Greg Staples		
Glorious Charge	1W	2	Instant	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Magic 2013	15	common	Izzy		
Griffin Protector	3W	4	Creature ? Griffin	"Flying
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Griffin Protector gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic 2013	16	common	Christopher Moeller		
Guardian Lions	4W	5	Creature ? Cat	Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)	W	W	Magic 2013	17	common	Johannes Voss		
War Falcon	W	1	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
War Falcon can't attack unless you control a Knight or a Soldier."	W	W	Magic 2013	38	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Warclamp Mastiff	W	1	Creature ? Hound	First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	W	W	Magic 2013	40	common	David Palumbo		
Downpour	1U	2	Instant	Tap up to three target creatures.	U	U	Magic 2013	48	common	Eytan Zana		
Encrust	1UU	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step and its activated abilities can't be activated."	U	U	Magic 2013	49	common	Jason Felix		
Faerie Invaders	4U	5	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying"	U	U	Magic 2013	51	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Hydrosurge	U	1	Instant	Target creature gets -5/-0 until end of turn.	U	U	Magic 2013	54	common	Steve Prescott		
Mind Sculpt	1U	2	Sorcery	Target opponent puts the top seven cards of their library into their graveyard.	U	U	Magic 2013	61	common	Michael C. Hayes		
Tricks of the Trade	3U	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and can't be blocked."	U	U	Magic 2013	74	common	Steven Belledin		
Watercourser	2U	3	Creature ? Elemental	{U}: Watercourser gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	U	U	Magic 2013	78	common	Mathias Kollros		
Bloodhunter Bat	3B	4	Creature ? Bat	"Flying
When Bloodhunter Bat enters the battlefield, target player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Magic 2013	82	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Cower in Fear	1BB	3	Instant	Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic 2013	84	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Crippling Blight	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 and can't block."	B	B	Magic 2013	85	common	Lucas Graciano		
Duty-Bound Dead	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{3}{B}: Regenerate Duty-Bound Dead. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Magic 2013	92	common	Johannes Voss		
Liliana's Shade	2BB	4	Creature ? Shade	"When Liliana's Shade enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
{B}: Liliana's Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Magic 2013	98	common	Eric Deschamps		
Servant of Nefarox	2B	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Magic 2013	108	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Chandra's Fury	4R	5	Instant	Chandra's Fury deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker and 1 damage to each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.	R	R	Magic 2013	124	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Craterize	3R	4	Sorcery	Destroy target land.	R	R	Magic 2013	126	common	Eytan Zana		
Goblin Battle Jester	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever you cast a red spell, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Magic 2013	135	common	Steve Prescott		
Krenko's Command	1R	2	Sorcery	Create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.	R	R	Magic 2013	139	common	Karl Kopinski		
Reckless Brute	2R	3	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
Reckless Brute attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Magic 2013	144	common	Johann Bodin		
Searing Spear	1R	2	Instant	Searing Spear deals 3 damage to any target.	R	R	Magic 2013	147	common	Chris Rahn		
Bond Beetle	G	1	Creature ? Insect	"When Bond Beetle enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Magic 2013	161	common	John Avon		
Primal Huntbeast	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	G	G	Magic 2013	182	common	Chris Rahn		
Ranger's Path	3G	4	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two Forest cards and put them onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.	G	G	Magic 2013	186	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Sentinel Spider	3GG	5	Creature ? Spider	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Magic 2013	189	common	Vincent Proce		
Serpent's Gift	2G	3	Instant	Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	G	G	Magic 2013	190	common	Steve Argyle		
Spiked Baloth	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Magic 2013	192	common	Daarken		
Timberpack Wolf	1G	2	Creature ? Wolf	Timberpack Wolf gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control named Timberpack Wolf.	G	G	Magic 2013	194	common	John Avon		
Yeva's Forcemage	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Yeva's Forcemage enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	G	G	Magic 2013	198	common	Eric Deschamps		
"Ajani, Caller of the Pride"	1WW	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+1: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
?3: Target creature gains flying and double strike until end of turn.
?8: Create X 2/2 white Cat creature tokens, where X is your life total."	W	W	Magic 2013	1	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
Captain of the Watch	4WW	6	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Other Soldier creatures you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance.
When Captain of the Watch enters the battlefield, create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Magic 2013	8	rare	Greg Staples		
Crusader of Odric	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Crusader of Odric's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.	W	W	Magic 2013	10	uncommon	Michael Komarck		
Faith's Reward	3W	4	Instant	Return to the battlefield all permanent cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn.	W	W	Magic 2013	14	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Healer of the Pride	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Cleric	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 2 life."	W	W	Magic 2013	19	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Knight of Glory	1W	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from black (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything black.)
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	W	W	Magic 2013	21	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
"Odric, Master Tactician"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Whenever Odric, Master Tactician and at least three other creatures attack, you choose which creatures block this combat and how those creatures block."	W	W	Magic 2013	23	rare	Michael Komarck		
Prized Elephant	3W	4	Creature ? Elephant	"Prized Elephant gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Forest.
{G}: Prized Elephant gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	W	W	Magic 2013	27	uncommon	Ioan Dumitrescu		
Rhox Faithmender	3W	4	Creature ? Rhino Monk	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead."	W	W	Magic 2013	29	rare	Wesley Burt		
Sublime Archangel	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Other creatures you control have exalted. (If a creature has multiple instances of exalted, each triggers separately.)"	W	W	Magic 2013	36	mythic	Cynthia Sheppard		
Touch of the Eternal	5WW	7	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, count the number of permanents you control. Your life total becomes that number."	W	W	Magic 2013	37	rare	Christopher Moeller		
War Priest of Thune	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When War Priest of Thune enters the battlefield, you may destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Magic 2013	39	uncommon	Izzy		
Arctic Aven	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Arctic Aven gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Plains.
{W}: Arctic Aven gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	U	W	Magic 2013	42	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Courtly Provocateur	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Target creature attacks this turn if able.
{T}: Target creature blocks this turn if able."	U	U	Magic 2013	46	uncommon	James Ryman		
"Jace, Memory Adept"	3UU	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+1: Draw a card. Target player puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.
0: Target player puts the top ten cards of their library into their graveyard.
?7: Any number of target players each draw twenty cards."	U	U	Magic 2013	56	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
Master of the Pearl Trident	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk	Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1 and have islandwalk. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)	U	U	Magic 2013	59	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Redirect	UU	2	Instant	You may choose new targets for target spell.	U	U	Magic 2013	64	rare	Izzy		
Stormtide Leviathan	5UUU	8	Creature ? Leviathan	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
All lands are Islands in addition to their other types.
Creatures without flying or islandwalk can't attack."	U	U	Magic 2013	70	rare	Karl Kopinski		
"Talrand, Sky Summoner"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying."	U	U	Magic 2013	72	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Talrand's Invocation	2UU	4	Sorcery	Create two 2/2 blue Drake creature tokens with flying.	U	U	Magic 2013	73	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Void Stalker	1U	2	Creature ? Elemental	"{2}{U}, {T}: Put Void Stalker and target creature on top of their owners' libraries, then those players shuffle their libraries."	U	U	Magic 2013	77	rare	Marco Nelor		
Blood Reckoning	3B	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, that creature's controller loses 1 life."	B	B	Magic 2013	81	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Diabolic Revelation	X3BB	5	Sorcery	Search your library for up to X cards and put those cards into your hand. Then shuffle your library.	B	B	Magic 2013	87	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Disciple of Bolas	3B	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Disciple of Bolas enters the battlefield, sacrifice another creature. You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is that creature's power."	B	B	Magic 2013	88	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Duskmantle Prowler	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Magic 2013	91	uncommon	Johannes Voss		
Harbor Bandit	2B	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Harbor Bandit gets +1/+1 as long as you control an Island.
{1}{U}: Harbor Bandit can't be blocked this turn."	B	U	Magic 2013	95	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Knight of Infamy	1B	2	Creature ? Human Knight	"Protection from white (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything white.)
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	B	B	Magic 2013	96	uncommon	Peter Mohrbacher		
Liliana of the Dark Realms	2BB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana	"+1: Search your library for a Swamp card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
?3: Target creature gets +X/+X or -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Swamps you control.
?6: You get an emblem with ""Swamps you control have '{T}: Add {B}{B}{B}{B}.'"""	B	B	Magic 2013	97	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
"Nefarox, Overlord of Grixis"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Nefarox, Overlord of Grixis attacks alone, defending player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Magic 2013	103	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Public Execution	5B	6	Instant	Destroy target creature an opponent controls. Each other creature that player controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic 2013	105	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Vampire Nocturnus	1BBB	4	Creature ? Vampire	"Play with the top card of your library revealed.
As long as the top card of your library is black, Vampire Nocturnus and other Vampire creatures you control get +2/+1 and have flying."	B	B	Magic 2013	113	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Veilborn Ghoul	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Veilborn Ghoul can't block.
Whenever a Swamp enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Veilborn Ghoul from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Magic 2013	114	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Xathrid Gorgon	5B	6	Creature ? Gorgon	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
{2}{B}, {T}: Put a petrification counter on target creature. It gains defender and becomes a colorless artifact in addition to its other types. Its activated abilities can't be activated. (A creature with defender can't attack.)"	B	B	Magic 2013	118	rare	Chase Stone		
"Chandra, the Firebrand"	3R	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Chandra, the Firebrand deals 1 damage to any target.
?2: When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
?6: Chandra, the Firebrand deals 6 damage to each of up to six targets."	R	R	Magic 2013	123	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
Cleaver Riot	4R	5	Sorcery	Creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn. (They deal both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	R	R	Magic 2013	125	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Crimson Muckwader	1R	2	Creature ? Lizard	"Crimson Muckwader gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Swamp.
{2}{B}: Regenerate Crimson Muckwader. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	R	R	Magic 2013	127	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Firewing Phoenix	3R	4	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
{1}{R}{R}{R}: Return Firewing Phoenix from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Magic 2013	131	rare	James Paick		
Flames of the Firebrand	2R	3	Sorcery	"Flames of the Firebrand deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets."	R	R	Magic 2013	132	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
"Krenko, Mob Boss"	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{T}: Create X 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens, where X is the number of Goblins you control."	R	R	Magic 2013	138	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Magmaquake	XRR	2	Instant	Magmaquake deals X damage to each creature without flying and each planeswalker.	R	R	Magic 2013	140	rare	Gabor Szikszai		
Mindclaw Shaman	4R	5	Creature ? Viashino Shaman	"When Mindclaw Shaman enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand. You may cast an instant or sorcery card from it without paying its mana cost."	R	R	Magic 2013	142	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Slumbering Dragon	R	1	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Slumbering Dragon can't attack or block unless it has five or more +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, put a +1/+1 counter on Slumbering Dragon."	R	R	Magic 2013	148	rare	Chris Rahn		
Thundermaw Hellkite	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
When Thundermaw Hellkite enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each creature with flying your opponents control. Tap those creatures."	R	R	Magic 2013	150	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Boundless Realms	6G	7	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the number of lands you control, and put them onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2013	162	rare	Cliff Childs		
Elderscale Wurm	4GGG	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
When Elderscale Wurm enters the battlefield, if your life total is less than 7, your life total becomes 7.
As long as you have 7 or more life, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 7 reduces it to 7 instead."	G	G	Magic 2013	167	mythic	Richard Wright		
Elvish Archdruid	1GG	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.
{T}: Add {G} for each Elf you control."	G	G	Magic 2013	168	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Flinthoof Boar	1G	2	Creature ? Boar	"Flinthoof Boar gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Mountain.
{R}: Flinthoof Boar gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)"	G	R	Magic 2013	171	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Fungal Sprouting	3G	4	Sorcery	"Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	G	G	Magic 2013	173	uncommon	Brad Rigney		
"Garruk, Primal Hunter"	2GGG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Garruk	"+1: Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.
?3: Draw cards equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.
?6: Create a 6/6 green Wurm creature token for each land you control."	G	G	Magic 2013	174	mythic	D. Alexander Gregory		
Garruk's Packleader	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"Whenever another creature with power 3 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."	G	G	Magic 2013	175	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Mwonvuli Beast Tracker	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Scout	"When Mwonvuli Beast Tracker enters the battlefield, search your library for a creature card with deathtouch, hexproof, reach, or trample and reveal it. Shuffle your library and put that card on top of it."	G	G	Magic 2013	177	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Predatory Rampage	3GG	5	Sorcery	Creatures you control get +3/+3 until end of turn. Each creature your opponents control blocks this turn if able.	G	G	Magic 2013	180	rare	Wayne England		
Primordial Hydra	XGG	2	Creature ? Hydra	"Primordial Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, double the number of +1/+1 counters on Primordial Hydra.
Primordial Hydra has trample as long as it has ten or more +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Magic 2013	183	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Roaring Primadox	3G	4	Creature ? Beast	"At the beginning of your upkeep, return a creature you control to its owner's hand."	G	G	Magic 2013	188	uncommon	James Ryman		
Thragtusk	4G	5	Creature ? Beast	"When Thragtusk enters the battlefield, you gain 5 life.
When Thragtusk leaves the battlefield, create a 3/3 green Beast creature token."	G	G	Magic 2013	193	rare	Nils Hamm		
"Yeva, Nature's Herald"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
You may cast green creature spells as though they had flash."	G	G	Magic 2013	197	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Gem of Becoming	3	3	Artifact	"{3}, {T}, Sacrifice Gem of Becoming: Search your library for an Island card, a Swamp card, and a Mountain card. Reveal those cards and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Magic 2013	205	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Ring of Evos Isle	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"{2}: Equipped creature gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature if it's blue.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2013	211	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Ring of Kalonia	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature if it's green.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2013	212	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Ring of Thune	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature if it's white.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2013	213	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Ring of Valkas	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has haste. (It can attack and {T} no matter when it came under your control.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature if it's red.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2013	214	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Ring of Xathrid	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"{2}: Regenerate equipped creature. (The next time that creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature if it's black.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2013	215	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Sands of Delirium	3	3	Artifact	"{X}, {T}: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard."			Magic 2013	216	rare	Charles Urbach		
Staff of Nin	6	6	Artifact	"At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card.
{T}: Staff of Nin deals 1 damage to any target."			Magic 2013	217	rare	Dan Scott		
Trading Post	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Discard a card: You gain 4 life.
{1}, {T}, Pay 1 life: Create a 0/1 white Goat creature token.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card."			Magic 2013	220	rare	Adam Paquette		
Cathedral of War		0	Land	"Cathedral of War enters the battlefield tapped.
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
{T}: Add {C}."			Magic 2013	221	rare	Kekai Kotaki		
Hellion Crucible		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{R}, {T}: Put a pressure counter on Hellion Crucible.
{1}{R}, {T}, Remove two pressure counters from Hellion Crucible and sacrifice it: Create a 4/4 red Hellion creature token with haste. (It can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)"		R	Magic 2013	226	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Baneslayer Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, first strike, lifelink, protection from Demons and from Dragons"	W	W	Magic 2010	4	mythic	Greg Staples		
Guardian Seraph	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
If a source an opponent controls would deal damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage."	W	W	Magic 2010	13	rare	Paul Bonner		
Indestructibility	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
Enchanted permanent has indestructible. (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy that permanent. A creature with indestructible can't be destroyed by damage.)"	W	W	Magic 2010	17	rare	Darrell Riche		
Lightwielder Paladin	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Whenever Lightwielder Paladin deals combat damage to a player, you may exile target black or red permanent that player controls."	W	W	Magic 2010	19	rare	D. Alexander Gregory		
Open the Vaults	4WW	6	Sorcery	Return all artifact and enchantment cards from all graveyards to the battlefield under their owners' control. (Auras with nothing to enchant remain in graveyards.)	W	W	Magic 2010	21	rare	Brian Despain		
Rhox Pikemaster	2WW	4	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Other Soldier creatures you control have first strike."	W	W	Magic 2010	26	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Silence	W	1	Instant	Your opponents can't cast spells this turn. (Spells cast before this resolves are unaffected.)	W	W	Magic 2010	31	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Undead Slayer	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"{W}, {T}: Exile target Skeleton, Vampire, or Zombie."	W	W	Magic 2010	37	uncommon	Eric Fortune		
Alluring Siren	1U	2	Creature ? Siren	{T}: Target creature an opponent controls attacks you this turn if able.	U	U	Magic 2010	43	uncommon	Chippy		
Hive Mind	5U	6	Enchantment	"Whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell, each other player copies that spell. Each of those players may choose new targets for their copy."	U	U	Magic 2010	54	rare	Steve Argyle		
Merfolk Sovereign	1UU	3	Creature ? Merfolk	"Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1.
{T}: Target Merfolk creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Magic 2010	62	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Mind Control	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature."	U	U	Magic 2010	63	uncommon	Mark Tedin		
Sphinx Ambassador	5UU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever Sphinx Ambassador deals combat damage to a player, search that player's library for a card, then that player chooses a card name. If you searched for a creature card that doesn't have that name, you may put it onto the battlefield under your control. Then that player shuffles their library."	U	U	Magic 2010	73	mythic	Jim Murray		
Xathrid Demon	3BBB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature other than Xathrid Demon, then each opponent loses life equal to the sacrificed creature's power. If you can't sacrifice a creature, tap Xathrid Demon and you lose 7 life."	B	B	Magic 2010	122	mythic	Wayne Reynolds		
Goblin Artillery	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	{T}: Goblin Artillery deals 2 damage to any target and 3 damage to you.	R	R	Magic 2010	138	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Goblin Chieftain	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
Other Goblin creatures you control get +1/+1 and have haste."	R	R	Magic 2010	139	rare	Sam Wood		
Inferno Elemental	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Whenever Inferno Elemental blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Inferno Elemental deals 3 damage to that creature."	R	R	Magic 2010	142	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Magma Phoenix	3RR	5	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
When Magma Phoenix dies, it deals 3 damage to each creature and each player.
{3}{R}{R}: Return Magma Phoenix from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Magic 2010	148	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Ant Queen	3GG	5	Creature ? Insect	{1}{G}: Create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.	G	G	Magic 2010	166	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Awakener Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Human Druid	"When Awakener Druid enters the battlefield, target Forest becomes a 4/5 green Treefolk creature for as long as Awakener Druid remains on the battlefield. It's still a land."	G	G	Magic 2010	167	uncommon	Jason Chan		
Cudgel Troll	2GG	4	Creature ? Troll	"{G}: Regenerate Cudgel Troll. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Magic 2010	174	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Great Sable Stag	1GG	3	Creature ? Elk	"This spell can't be countered.
Protection from blue and from black (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything blue or black.)"	G	G	Magic 2010	186	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Kalonian Behemoth	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)	G	G	Magic 2010	188	rare	Daarken		
Lurking Predators	4GG	6	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent casts a spell, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, you may put that card on the bottom of your library."	G	G	Magic 2010	190	rare	Mike Bierek		
Master of the Wild Hunt	2GG	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
{T}: Tap all untapped Wolf creatures you control. Each Wolf tapped this way deals damage equal to its power to target creature. That creature deals damage equal to its power divided as its controller chooses among any number of those Wolves."	G	G	Magic 2010	191	mythic	Kev Walker		
Mold Adder	G	1	Creature ? Fungus Snake	"Whenever an opponent casts a blue or black spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Mold Adder."	G	G	Magic 2010	194	uncommon	Matt Cavotta		
Protean Hydra	XG	1	Creature ? Hydra	"Protean Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
If damage would be dealt to Protean Hydra, prevent that damage and remove that many +1/+1 counters from it.
Whenever a +1/+1 counter is removed from Protean Hydra, put two +1/+1 counters on it at the beginning of the next end step."	G	G	Magic 2010	200	mythic	Jim Murray		
Gorgon Flail	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has deathtouch. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy that creature.)
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2010	211	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Magebane Armor	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+4 and loses flying.
Prevent all noncombat damage that would be dealt to equipped creature.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2010	214	rare	Izzy		
Mirror of Fate	5	5	Artifact	"{T}, Sacrifice Mirror of Fate: Choose up to seven face-up exiled cards you own. Exile all the cards from your library, then put the chosen cards on top of your library."			Magic 2010	215	rare	Alan Pollack		
Gargoyle Castle		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Gargoyle Castle: Create a 3/4 colorless Gargoyle artifact creature token with flying."			Magic 2010	225	rare	Paul Bonner		
Roc Egg	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Egg	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Roc Egg dies, create a 3/3 white Bird creature token with flying."	W	W	Magic 2011	25	uncommon	Paul Bonner		
Serra Ascendant	W	1	Creature ? Human Monk	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
As long as you have 30 or more life, Serra Ascendant gets +5/+5 and has flying."	W	W	Magic 2011	28	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Vengeful Archon	4WWW	7	Creature ? Archon	"Flying
{X}: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to you this turn. If damage is prevented this way, Vengeful Archon deals that much damage to target player or planeswalker."	W	W	Magic 2011	37	rare	Greg Staples		
Call to Mind	2U	3	Sorcery	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	U	U	Magic 2011	47	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Frost Titan	4UU	6	Creature ? Giant	"Whenever Frost Titan becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays {2}.
Whenever Frost Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, tap target permanent. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Magic 2011	55	mythic	Mike Bierek		
Mass Polymorph	5U	6	Sorcery	"Exile all creatures you control, then reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal that many creature cards. Put all creature cards revealed this way onto the battlefield, then shuffle the rest of the revealed cards into your library."	U	U	Magic 2011	64	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Time Reversal	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. Exile Time Reversal."	U	U	Magic 2011	75	mythic	Howard Lyon		
Water Servant	2UU	4	Creature ? Elemental	"{U}: Water Servant gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
{U}: Water Servant gets -1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Magic 2011	80	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Captivating Vampire	1BB	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Other Vampire creatures you control get +1/+1.
Tap five untapped Vampires you control: Gain control of target creature. It becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types."	B	B	Magic 2011	87	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Dark Tutelage	2B	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its converted mana cost."	B	B	Magic 2011	90	rare	James Ryman		
Demon of Death's Gate	6BBB	9	Creature ? Demon	"You may pay 6 life and sacrifice three black creatures rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Flying, trample"	B	B	Magic 2011	92	mythic	Vance Kovacs		
Grave Titan	4BB	6	Creature ? Giant	"Deathtouch
Whenever Grave Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens."	B	B	Magic 2011	97	mythic	Nils Hamm		
Liliana's Caress	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent discards a card, that player loses 2 life."	B	B	Magic 2011	103	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Necrotic Plague	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature.""
When enchanted creature dies, its controller chooses target creature one of their opponents controls. Return Necrotic Plague from its owner's graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	B	B	Magic 2011	107	rare	Jaime Jones		
Ancient Hellkite	4RRR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{R}: Ancient Hellkite deals 1 damage to target creature defending player controls. Activate this ability only if Ancient Hellkite is attacking."	R	R	Magic 2011	122	rare	Jason Chan		
Combust	1R	2	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
Combust deals 5 damage to target white or blue creature. The damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Magic 2011	130	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Cyclops Gladiator	1RRR	4	Creature ? Cyclops Warrior	"Whenever Cyclops Gladiator attacks, you may have it deal damage equal to its power to target creature defending player controls. If you do, that creature deals damage equal to its power to Cyclops Gladiator."	R	R	Magic 2011	131	rare	Kev Walker		
Destructive Force	5RR	7	Sorcery	Each player sacrifices five lands. Destructive Force deals 5 damage to each creature.	R	R	Magic 2011	133	rare	Jung Park		
Leyline of Punishment	2RR	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Punishment is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
Players can't gain life.
Damage can't be prevented."	R	R	Magic 2011	148	rare	Charles Urbach		
Wild Evocation	5R	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player reveals a card at random from their hand. If it's a land card, the player puts it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, the player casts it without paying its mana cost if able."	R	R	Magic 2011	160	rare	Chippy		
Autumn's Veil	G	1	Instant	"Spells you control can't be countered by blue or black spells this turn, and creatures you control can't be the targets of blue or black spells this turn."	G	G	Magic 2011	162	uncommon	Kekai Kotaki		
Fauna Shaman	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"{G}, {T}, Discard a creature card: Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2011	172	rare	Steve Prescott		
Leyline of Vitality	2GG	4	Enchantment	"If Leyline of Vitality is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
Creatures you control get +0/+1.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain 1 life."	G	G	Magic 2011	183	rare	Jim Nelson		
Obstinate Baloth	2GG	4	Creature ? Beast	"When Obstinate Baloth enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life.
If a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard Obstinate Baloth, put it onto the battlefield instead of putting it into your graveyard."	G	G	Magic 2011	188	rare	Chris Rahn		
Overwhelming Stampede	3GG	5	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	G	G	Magic 2011	189	rare	Steven Belledin		
Brittle Effigy	1	1	Artifact	"{4}, {T}, Exile Brittle Effigy: Exile target creature."			Magic 2011	202	rare	John Avon		
Crystal Ball	3	3	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"			Magic 2011	203	uncommon	Ron Spencer		
Sword of Vengeance	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has first strike, vigilance, trample, and haste.
Equip {3}"			Magic 2011	216	rare	Dan Scott		
Warlord's Axe	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+1.
Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2011	220	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Mystifying Maze		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}: Exile target attacking creature an opponent controls. At the beginning of the next end step, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control."			Magic 2011	226	rare	Robh Ruppel		
Alabaster Mage	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{1}{W}: Target creature you control gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)	W	W	Magic 2012	2	uncommon	Izzy		
Angelic Destiny	2WW	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4, has flying and first strike, and is an Angel in addition to its other types.
When enchanted creature dies, return Angelic Destiny to its owner's hand."	W	W	Magic 2012	3	mythic	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Arbalest Elite	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Archer	"{2}{W}, {T}: Arbalest Elite deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature. Arbalest Elite doesn't untap during your next untap step."	W	W	Magic 2012	5	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Gideon's Avenger	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on Gideon's Avenger."	W	W	Magic 2012	17	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Grand Abolisher	WW	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"During your turn, your opponents can't cast spells or activate abilities of artifacts, creatures, or enchantments."	W	W	Magic 2012	19	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Personal Sanctuary	2W	3	Enchantment	"During your turn, prevent all damage that would be dealt to you."	W	W	Magic 2012	30	rare	Howard Lyon		
Timely Reinforcements	2W	3	Sorcery	"If you have less life than an opponent, you gain 6 life. If you control fewer creatures than an opponent, create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens."	W	W	Magic 2012	40	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Azure Mage	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{3}{U}: Draw a card.	U	U	Magic 2012	45	uncommon	Izzy		
Lord of the Unreal	UU	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	Illusion creatures you control get +1/+1 and have hexproof. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities your opponents control.)	U	U	Magic 2012	62	rare	Jason Chan		
Master Thief	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Master Thief enters the battlefield, gain control of target artifact for as long as you control Master Thief."	U	U	Magic 2012	64	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Mind Unbound	4UU	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put a lore counter on Mind Unbound, then draw a card for each lore counter on Mind Unbound."	U	U	Magic 2012	68	rare	Jason Felix		
Phantasmal Image	1U	2	Creature ? Illusion	"You may have Phantasmal Image enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it's an Illusion in addition to its other types and it has ""When this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."""	U	U	Magic 2012	72	rare	Nils Hamm		
Visions of Beyond	U	1	Instant	"Draw a card. If a graveyard has twenty or more cards in it, draw three cards instead."	U	U	Magic 2012	80	rare	Terese Nielsen		
Bloodlord of Vaasgoth	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Bloodthirst 3 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.)
Flying
Whenever you cast a Vampire creature spell, it gains bloodthirst 3."	B	B	Magic 2012	82	mythic	Greg Staples		
Monomania	3BB	5	Sorcery	Target player chooses a card in their hand and discards the rest.	B	B	Magic 2012	102	rare	James Ryman		
Onyx Mage	1B	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	{1}{B}: Target creature you control gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	B	B	Magic 2012	103	uncommon	Izzy		
Rune-Scarred Demon	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Rune-Scarred Demon enters the battlefield, search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Magic 2012	106	rare	Michael Komarck		
Sorin's Vengeance	4BBB	7	Sorcery	Sorin's Vengeance deals 10 damage to target player or planeswalker and you gain 10 life.	B	B	Magic 2012	111	rare	Jana Schirmer & Johannes Voss		
Vengeful Pharaoh	2BBB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Whenever combat damage is dealt to you or a planeswalker you control, if Vengeful Pharaoh is in your graveyard, destroy target attacking creature, then put Vengeful Pharaoh on top of your library."	B	B	Magic 2012	116	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Chandra's Phoenix	1RR	3	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
Whenever an opponent is dealt damage by a red instant or sorcery spell you control or by a red planeswalker you control, return Chandra's Phoenix from your graveyard to your hand."	R	R	Magic 2012	126	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Furyborn Hellkite	4RRR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Bloodthirst 6 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.)
Flying"	R	R	Magic 2012	135	mythic	Brad Rigney		
Goblin Bangchuckers	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"{T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, Goblin Bangchuckers deals 2 damage to any target. If you lose the flip, Goblin Bangchuckers deals 2 damage to itself."	R	R	Magic 2012	137	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Scrambleverse	6RR	8	Sorcery	"For each nonland permanent, choose a player at random. Then each player gains control of each permanent for which they were chosen. Untap those permanents."	R	R	Magic 2012	153	rare	Dan Scott		
Stormblood Berserker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Bloodthirst 2 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.)
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Magic 2012	156	uncommon	Min Yum		
Arachnus Spinner	5G	6	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
Tap an untapped Spider you control: Search your graveyard and/or library for a card named Arachnus Web and put it onto the battlefield attached to target creature. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	G	G	Magic 2012	162	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Carnage Wurm	6G	7	Creature ? Wurm	"Bloodthirst 3 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.)
Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Magic 2012	168	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Doubling Chant	5G	6	Sorcery	"For each creature you control, you may search your library for a creature card with the same name as that creature. Put those cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2012	170	rare	Wayne England		
Dungrove Elder	2G	3	Creature ? Treefolk	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Dungrove Elder's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control."	G	G	Magic 2012	171	rare	Matt Stewart		
Hunter's Insight	2G	3	Instant	"Choose target creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker this turn, draw that many cards."	G	G	Magic 2012	180	uncommon	Terese Nielsen		
Skinshifter	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"{G}: Choose one ?
? Until end of turn, Skinshifter becomes a Rhino with base power and toughness 4/4 and gains trample. Activate this ability only once each turn.
? Until end of turn, Skinshifter becomes a Bird with base power and toughness 2/2 and gains flying. Activate this ability only once each turn.
? Until end of turn, Skinshifter becomes a Plant with base power and toughness 0/8. Activate this ability only once each turn."	G	G	Magic 2012	195	rare	Matt Stewart		
Adaptive Automaton	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"As Adaptive Automaton enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Adaptive Automaton is the chosen type in addition to its other types.
Other creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1."			Magic 2012	201	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Crown of Empires	2	2	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Tap target creature. Gain control of that creature instead if you control artifacts named Scepter of Empires and Throne of Empires."			Magic 2012	203	uncommon	John Avon		
Crumbling Colossus	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
When Crumbling Colossus attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat."			Magic 2012	204	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Greatsword	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+0.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2012	209	uncommon	Nic Klein		
Kite Shield	0	0	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +0/+3.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2012	210	uncommon	Jim Pavelec		
Rusted Sentinel	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Rusted Sentinel enters the battlefield tapped.			Magic 2012	215	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Scepter of Empires	3	3	Artifact	{T}: Scepter of Empires deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker. It deals 3 damage to that player or planeswalker instead if you control artifacts named Crown of Empires and Throne of Empires.			Magic 2012	216	uncommon	John Avon		
Sundial of the Infinite	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: End the turn. Activate this ability only during your turn. (Exile all spells and abilities on the stack. Discard down to your maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and ""this turn"" and ""until end of turn"" effects end.)"			Magic 2012	218	rare	Vincent Proce		
Throne of Empires	4	4	Artifact	"{1}, {T}: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token. Create five of those tokens instead if you control artifacts named Crown of Empires and Scepter of Empires."			Magic 2012	221	rare	John Avon		
Buried Ruin		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Buried Ruin: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand."			Magic 2012	224	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Ajani's Chosen	2WW	4	Creature ? Cat Soldier	"Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, create a 2/2 white Cat creature token. If that enchantment is an Aura, you may attach it to the token."	W	W	Magic 2014	2	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Angelic Accord	3W	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each end step, if you gained 4 or more life this turn, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying."	W	W	Magic 2014	3	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Archangel of Thune	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	W	W	Magic 2014	5	mythic	James Ryman		
Banisher Priest	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Banisher Priest enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Banisher Priest leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Magic 2014	7	uncommon	Willian Murai		
Bonescythe Sliver	3W	4	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have double strike. (They deal both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	W	W	Magic 2014	9	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Devout Invocation	6W	7	Sorcery	Tap any number of untapped creatures you control. Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying for each creature tapped this way.	W	W	Magic 2014	16	mythic	David Palumbo		
Fiendslayer Paladin	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Fiendslayer Paladin can't be the target of black or red spells your opponents control."	W	W	Magic 2014	18	rare	Wesley Burt		
Imposing Sovereign	1W	2	Creature ? Human	Creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped.	W	W	Magic 2014	22	rare	Scott M. Fischer		
Path of Bravery	2W	3	Enchantment	"As long as your life total is greater than or equal to your starting life total, creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, you gain life equal to the number of attacking creatures."	W	W	Magic 2014	26	rare	Chris Rahn		
Seraph of the Sword	3W	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Seraph of the Sword."	W	W	Magic 2014	31	rare	Jaime Jones		
Steelform Sliver	2W	3	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control get +0/+1.	W	W	Magic 2014	38	uncommon	Chase Stone		
Stonehorn Chanter	5W	6	Creature ? Rhino Cleric	{5}{W}: Stonehorn Chanter gains vigilance and lifelink until end of turn. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap. Damage dealt by it also causes you to gain that much life.)	W	W	Magic 2014	39	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Colossal Whale	5UU	7	Creature ? Whale	"Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Whenever Colossal Whale attacks, you may exile target creature defending player controls until Colossal Whale leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	U	U	Magic 2014	48	rare	Adam Paquette		
Dismiss into Dream	6U	7	Enchantment	"Each creature your opponents control is an Illusion in addition to its other types and has ""When this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."""	U	U	Magic 2014	50	rare	Sam Wolfe Connelly		
Elite Arcanist	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Elite Arcanist enters the battlefield, you may exile an instant card from your hand.
{X}, {T}: Copy the exiled card. You may cast the copy without paying its mana cost. X is the converted mana cost of the exiled card."	U	U	Magic 2014	54	rare	James Zapata		
Galerider Sliver	U	1	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have flying.	U	U	Magic 2014	57	rare	James Zapata		
Glimpse the Future	2U	3	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	U	U	Magic 2014	58	uncommon	Andrew Robinson		
Illusionary Armor	4U	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4.
When enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice Illusionary Armor."	U	U	Magic 2014	59	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Tidebinder Mage	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"When Tidebinder Mage enters the battlefield, tap target red or green creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as you control Tidebinder Mage."	U	U	Magic 2014	73	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Artificer's Hex	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Equipment
At the beginning of your upkeep, if enchanted Equipment is attached to a creature, destroy that creature."	B	B	Magic 2014	85	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Bogbrew Witch	3B	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}, {T}: Search your library for a card named Festering Newt or Bubbling Cauldron, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Magic 2014	88	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Dark Prophecy	BBB	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Magic 2014	93	rare	Scott Chou		
Grim Return	2B	3	Instant	Choose target creature card in a graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn. Put that card onto the battlefield under your control.	B	B	Magic 2014	100	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Lifebane Zombie	1BB	3	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
When Lifebane Zombie enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a green or white creature card from it and exile that card."	B	B	Magic 2014	101	rare	Min Yum		
Liliana's Reaver	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie	"Deathtouch
Whenever Liliana's Reaver deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card and you create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Magic 2014	103	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Rise of the Dark Realms	7BB	9	Sorcery	Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control.	B	B	Magic 2014	111	mythic	Michael Komarck		
Shadowborn Demon	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Shadowborn Demon enters the battlefield, destroy target non-Demon creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are fewer than six creature cards in your graveyard, sacrifice a creature."	B	B	Magic 2014	115	mythic	Lucas Graciano		
Syphon Sliver	2B	3	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have lifelink. (Damage dealt by a Sliver creature you control also causes you to gain that much life.)	B	B	Magic 2014	117	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Tenacious Dead	B	1	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"When Tenacious Dead dies, you may pay {1}{B}. If you do, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control."	B	B	Magic 2014	118	uncommon	John Stanko		
Vampire Warlord	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Sacrifice another creature: Regenerate Vampire Warlord. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Magic 2014	120	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Xathrid Necromancer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever Xathrid Necromancer or another Human creature you control dies, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Magic 2014	123	rare	Maciej Kuciara		
Awaken the Ancient	1RRR	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant Mountain
Enchanted Mountain is a 7/7 red Giant creature with haste. It's still a land."	R	R	Magic 2014	126	rare	Jaime Jones		
Barrage of Expendables	R	1	Enchantment	"{R}, Sacrifice a creature: Barrage of Expendables deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Magic 2014	127	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Battle Sliver	4R	5	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control get +2/+0.	R	R	Magic 2014	128	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Burning Earth	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a player taps a nonbasic land for mana, Burning Earth deals 1 damage to that player."	R	R	Magic 2014	130	rare	rk post		
Fleshpulper Giant	5RR	7	Creature ? Giant	"When Fleshpulper Giant enters the battlefield, you may destroy target creature with toughness 2 or less."	R	R	Magic 2014	140	uncommon	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Goblin Diplomats	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	{T}: Each creature attacks this turn if able.	R	R	Magic 2014	141	rare	Izzy		
Mindsparker	1RR	3	Creature ? Elemental	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Whenever an opponent casts a white or blue instant or sorcery spell, Mindsparker deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Magic 2014	146	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Ogre Battledriver	2RR	4	Creature ? Ogre Warrior	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, that creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)"	R	R	Magic 2014	148	rare	Greg Staples		
Scourge of Valkas	2RRR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Scourge of Valkas or another Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of Dragons you control.
{R}: Scourge of Valkas gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Magic 2014	151	mythic	Lucas Graciano		
Thorncaster Sliver	4R	5	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""Whenever this creature attacks, it deals 1 damage to any target."""	R	R	Magic 2014	158	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Young Pyromancer	1R	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token."	R	R	Magic 2014	163	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Enlarge	3GG	5	Sorcery	Target creature gets +7/+7 and gains trample until end of turn. It must be blocked this turn if able. (A creature with trample can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Magic 2014	170	uncommon	Michael Komarck		
"Garruk, Caller of Beasts"	4GG	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Garruk	"+1: Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
?3: You may put a green creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.
?7: You get an emblem with ""Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may search your library for a creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."""	G	G	Magic 2014	172	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
Into the Wilds	3G	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. If it's a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield."	G	G	Magic 2014	180	rare	Vronique Meignaud		
Kalonian Hydra	3GG	5	Creature ? Hydra	"Trample
Kalonian Hydra enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Kalonian Hydra attacks, double the number of +1/+1 counters on each creature you control."	G	G	Magic 2014	181	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Kalonian Tusker	GG	2	Creature ? Beast		G	G	Magic 2014	182	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Manaweft Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Magic 2014	184	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Megantic Sliver	5G	6	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control get +3/+3.	G	G	Magic 2014	185	rare	Ryan Barger		
Oath of the Ancient Wood	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever Oath of the Ancient Wood or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature."	G	G	Magic 2014	187	rare	Dan Scott		
Primeval Bounty	5G	6	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put three +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 3 life."	G	G	Magic 2014	190	mythic	Christine Choi		
Savage Summoning	G	1	Instant	"This spell can't be countered.
The next creature card you cast this turn can be cast as though it had flash. That spell can't be countered. That creature enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it."	G	G	Magic 2014	194	rare	Johann Bodin		
Vastwood Hydra	XGG	2	Creature ? Hydra	"Vastwood Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When Vastwood Hydra dies, you may distribute a number of +1/+1 counters equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on Vastwood Hydra among any number of creatures you control."	G	G	Magic 2014	198	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Voracious Wurm	1G	2	Creature ? Wurm	"Voracious Wurm enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the amount of life you've gained this turn."	G	G	Magic 2014	200	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Witchstalker	1GG	3	Creature ? Wolf	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
Whenever an opponent casts a blue or black spell during your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Witchstalker."	G	G	Magic 2014	202	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Woodborn Behemoth	3GG	5	Creature ? Elemental	"As long as you control eight or more lands, Woodborn Behemoth gets +4/+4 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Magic 2014	203	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Bubbling Cauldron	2	2	Artifact	"{1}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 4 life.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice a creature named Festering Newt: Each opponent loses 4 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way."			Magic 2014	205	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Guardian of the Ages	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, if Guardian of the Ages has defender, it loses defender and gains trample."			Magic 2014	211	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Pyromancer's Gauntlet	5	5	Artifact	"If a red instant or sorcery spell you control or a red planeswalker you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 2 to that permanent or player instead."			Magic 2014	214	rare	Christine Choi		
Ring of Three Wishes	5	5	Artifact	"Ring of Three Wishes enters the battlefield with three wish counters on it.
{5}, {T}, Remove a wish counter from Ring of Three Wishes: Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library."			Magic 2014	216	mythic	Mark Winters		
Strionic Resonator	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Copy target triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A triggered ability uses the words ""when,"" ""whenever,"" or ""at."")"			Magic 2014	224	rare	Noah Bradley		
Vial of Poison	1	1	Artifact	"{1}, Sacrifice Vial of Poison: Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"			Magic 2014	226	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Encroaching Wastes		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Encroaching Wastes: Destroy target nonbasic land."			Magic 2014	227	uncommon	Noah Bradley		
Prized Unicorn	3G	4	Creature ? Unicorn	All creatures able to block Prized Unicorn do so.	G	G	Magic 2010	199	uncommon	Sam Wood		
Hoarding Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Hoarding Dragon enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card, exile it, then shuffle your library.
When Hoarding Dragon dies, you may put the exiled card into its owner's hand."	R	R	Magic 2011	144	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Back to Nature	1G	2	Instant	Destroy all enchantments.	G	G	Magic 2011	164	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Gaea's Revenge	5GG	7	Creature ? Elemental	"This spell can't be countered.
Haste
Gaea's Revenge can't be the target of nongreen spells or abilities from nongreen sources."	G	G	Magic 2011	174	mythic	Kekai Kotaki		
Aegis Angel	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Aegis Angel enters the battlefield, another target permanent gains indestructible for as long as you control Aegis Angel. (Effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it. A creature with indestructible can't be destroyed by damage.)"	W	W	Magic 2012	1	rare	Aleksi Briclot		
Turn to Frog	1U	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and becomes a blue Frog with base power and toughness 1/1."	U	U	Magic 2012	78	uncommon	Warren Mahy		
Garruk's Horde	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Play with the top card of your library revealed.
You may cast the top card of your library if it's a creature card. (Do this only any time you could cast that creature card. You still pay the spell's costs.)"	G	G	Magic 2012	176	rare	Steve Prescott		
Blightcaster	3B	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you may have target creature get -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Magic 2014	86	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
"Chandra, Pyromaster"	2RR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra	"+1: Chandra, Pyromaster deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and 1 damage to up to one target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls. That creature can't block this turn.
0: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.
?7: Exile the top ten cards of your library. Choose an instant or sorcery card exiled this way and copy it three times. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs."	R	R	Magic 2014	132	mythic	Winona Nelson		
Haunted Plate Mail	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +4/+4.
{0}: Until end of turn, Haunted Plate Mail becomes a 4/4 Spirit artifact creature that's no longer an Equipment. Activate this ability only if you control no creatures.
Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2014	212	rare	Izzy		
Staff of the Death Magus	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a black spell or a Swamp enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."			Magic 2014	219	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Staff of the Flame Magus	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a red spell or a Mountain enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."			Magic 2014	220	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Staff of the Mind Magus	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a blue spell or an Island enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."			Magic 2014	221	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Staff of the Sun Magus	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a white spell or a Plains enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."			Magic 2014	222	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Staff of the Wild Magus	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever you cast a green spell or a Forest enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life."			Magic 2014	223	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Veteran Armorsmith	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	Other Soldier creatures you control get +0/+1.	W	W	Magic 2010	38	common	Michael Komarck		
Veteran Swordsmith	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Other Soldier creatures you control get +1/+0.	W	W	Magic 2010	39	common	Michael Komarck		
Wall of Faith	3W	4	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
{W}: Wall of Faith gets +0/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic 2010	40	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Convincing Mirage	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant land
As Convincing Mirage enters the battlefield, choose a basic land type.
Enchanted land is the chosen type."	U	U	Magic 2010	46	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Disorient	3U	4	Instant	Target creature gets -7/-0 until end of turn.	U	U	Magic 2010	48	common	John Matson		
Illusionary Servant	1UU	3	Creature ? Illusion	"Flying
When Illusionary Servant becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it."	U	U	Magic 2010	57	common	Dave Kendall		
Vine Snare	2G	3	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures with power 4 or less.	G	G	Magic Origins	205	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Flesh to Dust	3BB	5	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated.	B	B	Magic Origins	280	common	Julie Dillon		
Artificer's Epiphany	2U	3	Instant	"Draw two cards. If you control no artifacts, discard a card."	U	U	Duel Decks: Elves vs. Inventors	36	common	Kieran Yanner		
Ephemerate	W	1	Instant	"Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	7	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Recruit the Worthy	W	1	Instant	"Buyback {3} (You may pay an additional {3} as you cast this spell. If you do, put this card into your hand as it resolves.)
Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Modern Horizons	22	common	Joe Slucher		
Stirring Address	1W	2	Instant	"Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Overload {5}{W} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	W	W	Modern Horizons	32	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Phantasmal Form	2U	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, up to two target creatures each have base power and toughness 3/3, gain flying, and become blue Illusions in addition to their other colors and types.
Draw a card."	U	U	Modern Horizons	61	common	Steve Argyle		
Rain of Revelation	3U	4	Instant	"Draw three cards, then discard a card."	U	U	Modern Horizons	65	common	Nils Hamm		
Spell Snuff	1UU	3	Instant	"Counter target spell.
Fateful hour ? If you have 5 or less life, draw a card."	U	U	Modern Horizons	70	common	Nic Klein		
String of Disappearances	U	1	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. Then that creature's controller may pay {U}{U}. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy."	U	U	Modern Horizons	72	common	Seb McKinnon		
Defile	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each Swamp you control.	B	B	Modern Horizons	86	common	Joe Slucher		
Mob	4B	5	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Destroy target creature."	B	B	Modern Horizons	97	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Umezawa's Charm	1B	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
? Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
? You gain 2 life."	B	B	Modern Horizons	111	common	Eric Deschamps		
Fists of Flame	1R	2	Instant	"Draw a card. Until end of turn, target creature gains trample and gets +1/+0 for each card you've drawn this turn."	R	R	Modern Horizons	123	common	Steve Argyle		
Magmatic Sinkhole	5R	6	Instant	"Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for {1}.)
Magmatic Sinkhole deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker."	R	R	Modern Horizons	135	common	Mark Behm		
Volatile Claws	2R	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, creatures you control get +2/+0 and gain all creature types."	R	R	Modern Horizons	154	common	Paul Scott Canavan		
Thornado	2G	3	Instant	"Destroy target creature with flying.
Cycling {1}{G} ({1}{G}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	G	G	Modern Horizons	184	common	Volkan Ba?a		
Weather the Storm	1G	2	Instant	"You gain 3 life.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)"	G	G	Modern Horizons	191	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Nature's Chant	1G/W	2	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	W	W	Modern Horizons	210	common	Raoul Vitale		
Marked by Honor	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)"	W	W	Welcome Deck 2016	2	common	David Palumbo		
Borderland Marauder	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Borderland Marauder attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Welcome Deck 2016	11	common	Scott M. Fischer		
Festergloom	2B	3	Sorcery	Nonblack creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	135	common	Mathias Kollros		
Fetid Imp	1B	2	Creature ? Imp	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
{B}: Fetid Imp gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Duel Decks: Nissa vs. Ob Nixilis	48	common	Nils Hamm		
Grasp of the Hieromancer	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ""Whenever this creature attacks, tap target creature defending player controls."""	W	W	Archenemy: Nicol Bolas	13	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Hammerhand	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Hammerhand enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has haste. (It can attack and {T} no matter when it came under your control.)"	R	R	Archenemy: Nicol Bolas	52	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Nimbus of the Isles	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Battlebond	124	common	Cliff Childs		
Eyeblight Assassin	2B	3	Creature ? Elf Assassin	"When Eyeblight Assassin enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn."	B	B	Battlebond	143	common	Dan Scott		
Rotfeaster Maggot	4B	5	Creature ? Insect	"When Rotfeaster Maggot enters the battlefield, exile target creature card from a graveyard. You gain life equal to that card's toughness."	B	B	Battlebond	157	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Shambling Ghoul	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie	Shambling Ghoul enters the battlefield tapped.	B	B	Battlebond	159	common	Joseph Meehan		
Tyrant's Machine	2	2	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Tap target creature."			Battlebond	248	common	Yeong-Hao Han		
Ghirapur Gearcrafter	2R	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Ghirapur Gearcrafter enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying. (A creature with flying can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)"	R	R	Duel Decks: Elves vs. Inventors	46	common	Victor Adame Minguez		
Heliod's Pilgrim	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Heliod's Pilgrim enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Aura card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Magic 2015	14	common	Izzy		
Sungrace Pegasus	1W	2	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	38	common	Phill Simmer		
Triplicate Spirits	4WW	6	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. (They can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	40	common	Izzy		
Aeronaut Tinkerer	2U	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	Aeronaut Tinkerer has flying as long as you control an artifact. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Magic 2015	43	common	Willian Murai		
Amphin Pathmage	3U	4	Creature ? Salamander Wizard	{2}{U}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.	U	U	Magic 2015	45	common	Mark Winters		
Coral Barrier	2U	3	Creature ? Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Coral Barrier enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Squid creature token with islandwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"	U	U	Magic 2015	49	common	Florian de Gesincourt		
Glacial Crasher	4UU	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Glacial Crasher can't attack unless there is a Mountain on the battlefield."	U	U	Magic 2015	57	common	Mark Winters		
Research Assistant	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{3}{U}, {T}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Magic 2015	77	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Void Snare	U	1	Sorcery	Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.	U	U	Magic 2015	82	common	Zack Stella		
Carrion Crow	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Bird	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Carrion Crow enters the battlefield tapped."	B	B	Magic 2015	88	common	Aaron Miller		
Covenant of Blood	6B	7	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Covenant of Blood deals 4 damage to any target and you gain 4 life."	B	B	Magic 2015	91	common	Seb McKinnon		
Eternal Thirst	1B	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has lifelink and ""Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature."" (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	B	B	Magic 2015	95	common	Clint Cearley		
Necromancer's Assistant	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"When Necromancer's Assistant enters the battlefield, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard."	B	B	Magic 2015	107	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Shadowcloak Vampire	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire	Pay 2 life: Shadowcloak Vampire gains flying until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	B	B	Magic 2015	113	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Witch's Familiar	2B	3	Creature ? Frog		B	B	Magic 2015	123	common	Jack Wang		
Generator Servant	1R	2	Creature ? Elemental	"{T}, Sacrifice Generator Servant: Add {C}{C}. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it gains haste until end of turn. (That creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	143	common	Mathias Kollros		
Inferno Fist	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.
{R}, Sacrifice Inferno Fist: Inferno Fist deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Magic 2015	150	common	James Ryman		
Krenko's Enforcer	1RR	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)	R	R	Magic 2015	152	common	Karl Kopinski		
Miner's Bane	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	{2}{R}: Miner's Bane gets +1/+0 and gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	R	R	Magic 2015	157	common	Adam Paquette		
Scrapyard Mongrel	3R	4	Creature ? Hound	"As long as you control an artifact, Scrapyard Mongrel gets +2/+0 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	160	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Carnivorous Moss-Beast	4GG	6	Creature ? Plant Elemental Beast	{5}{G}{G}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Carnivorous Moss-Beast.	G	G	Magic 2015	170	common	Filip Burburan		
Invasive Species	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	"When Invasive Species enters the battlefield, return another permanent you control to its owner's hand."	G	G	Magic 2015	181	common	Christopher Moeller		
Living Totem	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Elemental	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
When Living Totem enters the battlefield, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature."	G	G	Magic 2015	184	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Shaman of Spring	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Shaman of Spring enters the battlefield, draw a card."	G	G	Magic 2015	199	common	Johannes Voss		
Undergrowth Scavenger	3G	4	Creature ? Fungus Horror	Undergrowth Scavenger enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of creature cards in all graveyards.	G	G	Magic 2015	204	common	Nils Hamm		
Vineweft	G	1	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.
{4}{G}: Return Vineweft from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Magic 2015	207	common	Lucas Graciano		
Will-Forged Golem	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Golem	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)			Magic 2015	239	common	Jason Felix		
Radiant Fountain		0	Land	"When Radiant Fountain enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
{T}: Add {C}."			Magic 2015	245	common	Adam Paquette		
Akroan Jailer	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier	"{2}{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Magic Origins	1	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Ampryn Tactician	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Ampryn Tactician enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic Origins	2	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Aven Battle Priest	5W	6	Creature ? Bird Cleric	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Aven Battle Priest enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life."	W	W	Magic Origins	6	common	John Severin Brassell		
Cleric of the Forward Order	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Cleric of the Forward Order enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life for each creature you control named Cleric of the Forward Order."	W	W	Magic Origins	10	common	Chris Rallis		
Enlightened Ascetic	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Monk	"When Enlightened Ascetic enters the battlefield, you may destroy target enchantment."	W	W	Magic Origins	12	common	James Zapata		
Healing Hands	2W	3	Sorcery	"Target player gains 4 life.
Draw a card."	W	W	Magic Origins	17	common	Josu Hernaiz		
Heavy Infantry	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Heavy Infantry enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Magic Origins	18	common	David Gaillet		
Knight of the Pilgrim's Road	2W	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	20	common	David Gaillet		
Kytheon's Tactics	1WW	3	Sorcery	"Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, those creatures also gain vigilance until end of turn. (Attacking doesn't cause them to tap.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	25	common	Raymond Swanland		
Stalwart Aven	2W	3	Creature ? Bird Soldier	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	32	common	Scott Murphy		
Suppression Bonds	3W	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant nonland permanent
Enchanted permanent can't attack or block, and its activated abilities can't be activated."	W	W	Magic Origins	34	common	Chris Rallis		
Topan Freeblade	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	36	common	Johannes Voss		
Aspiring Aeronaut	3U	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Aspiring Aeronaut enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."	U	U	Magic Origins	46	common	Willian Murai		
Deep-Sea Terror	4UU	6	Creature ? Serpent	Deep-Sea Terror can't attack unless there are seven or more cards in your graveyard.	U	U	Magic Origins	52	common	Marco Nelor		
Faerie Miscreant	U	1	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Faerie Miscreant enters the battlefield, if you control another creature named Faerie Miscreant, draw a card."	U	U	Magic Origins	57	common	Steven Belledin		
Nivix Barrier	3U	4	Creature ? Illusion Wall	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Defender (This creature can't attack.)
When Nivix Barrier enters the battlefield, target attacking creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn."	U	U	Magic Origins	66	common	Mathias Kollros		
Ringwarden Owl	3UU	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	U	U	Magic Origins	68	common	Titus Lunter		
Separatist Voidmage	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Separatist Voidmage enters the battlefield, you may return target creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Magic Origins	72	common	Jason Rainville		
Deadbridge Shaman	2B	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Deadbridge Shaman dies, target opponent discards a card."	B	B	Magic Origins	91	common	Nils Hamm		
Nightsnare	3B	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals their hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. If you do, that player discards that card. If you don't, that player discards two cards."	B	B	Magic Origins	111	common	Min Yum		
Rabid Bloodsucker	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
When Rabid Bloodsucker enters the battlefield, each player loses 2 life."	B	B	Magic Origins	113	common	Seb McKinnon		
Reave Soul	1B	2	Sorcery	Destroy target creature with power 3 or less.	B	B	Magic Origins	115	common	David Palumbo		
Thornbow Archer	B	1	Creature ? Elf Archer	"Whenever Thornbow Archer attacks, each opponent who doesn't control an Elf loses 1 life."	B	B	Magic Origins	121	common	Kev Walker		
Undead Servant	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie	"When Undead Servant enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token for each card named Undead Servant in your graveyard."	B	B	Magic Origins	124	common	James Zapata		
Akroan Sergeant	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	R	R	Magic Origins	130	common	Zack Stella		
Firefiend Elemental	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	R	R	Magic Origins	146	common	Torstein Nordstrand		
Infectious Bloodlust	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1, has haste, and attacks each combat if able.
When enchanted creature dies, you may search your library for a card named Infectious Bloodlust, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	R	R	Magic Origins	152	common	Zoltan Boros		
Lightning Javelin	3R	4	Sorcery	Lightning Javelin deals 3 damage to any target. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	R	R	Magic Origins	153	common	Seb McKinnon		
Mage-Ring Bully	1R	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Mage-Ring Bully attacks each combat if able."	R	R	Magic Origins	154	common	Karl Kopinski		
Prickleboar	4R	5	Creature ? Boar	"As long as it's your turn, Prickleboar gets +2/+0 and has first strike. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	R	R	Magic Origins	158	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Subterranean Scout	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Scout	"When Subterranean Scout enters the battlefield, target creature with power 2 or less can't be blocked this turn."	R	R	Magic Origins	164	common	Lucas Graciano		
Volcanic Rambler	5R	6	Creature ? Elemental	{2}{R}: Volcanic Rambler deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	R	R	Magic Origins	167	common	Vincent Proce		
Caustic Caterpillar	G	1	Creature ? Insect	"{1}{G}, Sacrifice Caustic Caterpillar: Destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Magic Origins	170	common	Jack Wang		
Mantle of Webs	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+3 and has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Magic Origins	187	common	Mathias Kollros		
Nissa's Pilgrimage	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to two basic Forest cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, search your library for up to three basic Forest cards instead of two."	G	G	Magic Origins	190	common	Matt Stewart		
Pharika's Disciple	3G	4	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	G	G	Magic Origins	194	common	Karl Kopinski		
Rhox Maulers	4G	5	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Renown 2 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put two +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes renowned.)"	G	G	Magic Origins	196	common	Zoltan Boros		
Wild Instincts	3G	4	Sorcery	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. It fights target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Magic Origins	206	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Alchemist's Vial	2	2	Artifact	"When Alchemist's Vial enters the battlefield, draw a card.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Alchemist's Vial: Target creature can't attack or block this turn."			Magic Origins	220	common	Lindsey Look		
Bonded Construct	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Construct	Bonded Construct can't attack alone.			Magic Origins	223	common	Craig J Spearing		
Guardian Automaton	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"When Guardian Automaton dies, you gain 3 life."			Magic Origins	227	common	Vincent Proce		
Veteran's Sidearm	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic Origins	242	common	Aaron Miller		
Faerie Seer	U	1	Creature ? Faerie Wizard	"Flying
When Faerie Seer enters the battlefield, scry 2."	U	U	Modern Horizons	51	common	Colin Boyer		
Universal Automaton	1	1	Artifact Creature ? Shapeshifter	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)			Modern Horizons	235	common	Ben Maier		
Answered Prayers	1WW	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life. If Answered Prayers isn't a creature, it becomes a 3/3 Angel creature with flying in addition to its other types until end of turn."	W	W	Modern Horizons	2	common	Seb McKinnon		
Enduring Sliver	1W	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Outlast {2} ({2}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)
Other Sliver creatures you control have outlast {2}."	W	W	Modern Horizons	6	common	Josh Hass		
Impostor of the Sixth Pride	1W	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)	W	W	Modern Horizons	14	common	Chris Seaman		
Irregular Cohort	2WW	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Irregular Cohort enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling."	W	W	Modern Horizons	15	common	Steve Argyle		
Knight of Old Benalia	3WW	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"Suspend 5?{W} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay {W} and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
When Knight of Old Benalia enters the battlefield, other creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Modern Horizons	17	common	Dan Scott		
Lancer Sliver	2W	3	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have first strike.	W	W	Modern Horizons	18	common	Lucas Graciano		
Martyr's Soul	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit Soldier	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
When Martyr's Soul enters the battlefield, if you control no tapped lands, put two +1/+1 counters on it."	W	W	Modern Horizons	19	common	Mila Pesic		
Reprobation	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a Coward creature with base power and toughness 0/1. (It keeps all supertypes but loses all other types and creature types.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	23	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Rhox Veteran	3W	4	Creature ? Rhino Soldier	"Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
Whenever Rhox Veteran attacks, tap target creature an opponent controls."	W	W	Modern Horizons	24	common	Milivoj ?eran		
Segovian Angel	W	1	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Modern Horizons	25	common	Simon Dominic		
Settle Beyond Reality	4W	5	Sorcery	"Choose one or both ?
? Exile target creature you don't control.
? Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Modern Horizons	27	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Soul-Strike Technique	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.
When enchanted creature dies, manifest the top card of your library. (Put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	30	common	Joe Slucher		
Trustworthy Scout	1W	2	Creature ? Human Scout	"{1}{W}, Exile Trustworthy Scout from your graveyard: Search your library for a card named Trustworthy Scout, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Modern Horizons	33	common	Joseph Meehan		
Wall of One Thousand Cuts	3WW	5	Creature ? Wall	"Defender, flying
{W}: Wall of One Thousand Cuts can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender."	W	W	Modern Horizons	36	common	Greg Staples		
Chillerpillar	3U	4	Snow Creature ? Insect	"{4}{S}{S}: Monstrosity 2. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put two +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous. {S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
As long as Chillerpillar is monstrous, it has flying."	U	U	Modern Horizons	43	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Eyekite	1U	2	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Eyekite gets +2/+0 as long as you've drawn two or more cards this turn."	U	U	Modern Horizons	49	common	Dan Scott		
Iceberg Cancrix	1U	2	Snow Creature ? Crab	"Whenever another snow permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may have target player put the top two cards of their library into their graveyard."	U	U	Modern Horizons	54	common	Jenn Ravenna		
Moonblade Shinobi	3U	4	Creature ? Human Ninja	"Ninjutsu {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Moonblade Shinobi deals combat damage to a player, create a 1/1 blue Illusion creature token with flying."	U	U	Modern Horizons	59	common	Taylor Ingvarsson		
Phantom Ninja	1UU	3	Creature ? Illusion Ninja	Phantom Ninja can't be blocked.	U	U	Modern Horizons	62	common	Joe Slucher		
Pondering Mage	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Pondering Mage enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order. You may shuffle your library. Draw a card."	U	U	Modern Horizons	63	common	Tommy Arnold		
Scour All Possibilities	1U	2	Sorcery	"Scry 2, then draw a card.
Flashback {4}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Modern Horizons	67	common	Mitchell Malloy		
Smoke Shroud	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.
When a Ninja enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Smoke Shroud from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to that creature."	U	U	Modern Horizons	69	common	Micah Epstein		
Stream of Thought	U	1	Sorcery	"Target player puts the top four cards of their library into their graveyard. You shuffle up to four cards from your graveyard into your library.
Replicate {2}{U}{U} (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)"	U	U	Modern Horizons	71	common	Seb McKinnon		
Windcaller Aven	4UU	6	Creature ? Bird Wizard	"Flying
Cycling {U} ({U}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Windcaller Aven, target creature gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Modern Horizons	77	common	Uriah Voth		
Winter's Rest	1U	2	Snow Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
When Winter's Rest enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
As long as you control another snow permanent, enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step."	U	U	Modern Horizons	78	common	Mila Pesic		
Azra Smokeshaper	3B	4	Creature ? Azra Ninja	"Ninjutsu {1}{B} ({1}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Azra Smokeshaper enters the battlefield, target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn."	B	B	Modern Horizons	79	common	Aaron Miller		
Changeling Outcast	B	1	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Changeling Outcast can't block and can't be blocked."	B	B	Modern Horizons	82	common	Micah Epstein		
First-Sphere Gargantua	4BB	6	Creature ? Horror	"When First-Sphere Gargantua enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Unearth {2}{B} ({2}{B}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	91	common	Randy Vargas		
Gluttonous Slug	1B	2	Creature ? Slug Horror	"Menace
Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	93	common	Greg Staples		
Headless Specter	1BB	3	Creature ? Specter	"Flying
Hellbent ? Whenever Headless Specter deals combat damage to a player, if you have no cards in hand, that player discards a card at random."	B	B	Modern Horizons	95	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Mind Rake	2B	3	Sorcery	"Target player discards two cards.
Overload {1}{B} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	B	B	Modern Horizons	96	common	Jason Rainville		
Ninja of the New Moon	3BB	5	Creature ? Spirit Ninja	"Ninjutsu {3}{B} ({3}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	99	common	Greg Opalinski		
Putrid Goblin	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Goblin	"Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	101	common	Winona Nelson		
Rank Officer	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"When Rank Officer enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
{1}{B}, {T}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Each opponent loses 2 life."	B	B	Modern Horizons	102	common	Nicholas Gregory		
Ransack the Lab	1B	2	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	B	B	Modern Horizons	103	common	Chris Seaman		
Return from Extinction	1B	2	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Return two target creature cards that share a creature type from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Modern Horizons	104	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Silumgar Scavenger	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Bird	"Flying
Exploit (When this creature enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature.)
Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Silumgar Scavenger. It gains haste until end of turn if it exploited that creature."	B	B	Modern Horizons	107	common	Greg Staples		
Venomous Changeling	2B	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Deathtouch"	B	B	Modern Horizons	114	common	Aaron Miller		
Warteye Witch	2B	3	Creature ? Goblin Shaman	"Whenever Warteye Witch or another creature you control dies, scry 1."	B	B	Modern Horizons	115	common	Steve Prescott		
Bladeback Sliver	1R	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Hellbent ? As long as you have no cards in hand, Sliver creatures you control have ""{T}: This creature deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker."""	R	R	Modern Horizons	119	common	Svetlin Velinov		
Bogardan Dragonheart	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Sacrifice another creature: Until end of turn, Bogardan Dragonheart becomes a Dragon with base power and toughness 4/4, flying, and haste."	R	R	Modern Horizons	120	common	Randy Vargas		
Cleaving Sliver	3R	4	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control get +2/+0.	R	R	Modern Horizons	121	common	David Gaillet		
Geomancer's Gambit	2R	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library.
Draw a card."	R	R	Modern Horizons	125	common	Adam Paquette		
Goatnap	2R	3	Sorcery	"Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. If that creature is a Goat, it also gets +3/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Modern Horizons	126	common	Mark Zug		
Goblin Champion	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Haste
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	127	common	Kev Walker		
Goblin War Party	3R	4	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.
? Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.
Entwine {2}{R} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	131	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Igneous Elemental	4RR	6	Creature ? Elemental	"This spell costs {2} less to cast if there is a land card in your graveyard.
When Igneous Elemental enters the battlefield, you may have it deal 2 damage to target creature."	R	R	Modern Horizons	133	common	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Orcish Hellraiser	1R	2	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Echo {R} (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
When Orcish Hellraiser dies, it deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Modern Horizons	136	common	Darren Tan		
Pyrophobia	1R	2	Sorcery	Pyrophobia deals 3 damage to target creature. Cowards can't block this turn.	R	R	Modern Horizons	141	common	Izzy		
Quakefoot Cyclops	4R	5	Creature ? Cyclops	"When Quakefoot Cyclops enters the battlefield, up to two target creatures can't block this turn.
Cycling {1}{R} ({1}{R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Quakefoot Cyclops, target creature can't block this turn."	R	R	Modern Horizons	142	common	Mike Bierek		
Shenanigans	1R	2	Sorcery	"Destroy target artifact.
Dredge 1 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly one card from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	146	common	Lindsey Look		
Spinehorn Minotaur	2R	3	Creature ? Minotaur Berserker	"As long as you've drawn two or more cards this turn, Spinehorn Minotaur has double strike."	R	R	Modern Horizons	147	common	Jesper Ejsing		
Viashino Sandsprinter	1RR	3	Creature ? Viashino Warrior	"Trample, haste
At the beginning of the end step, return Viashino Sandsprinter to its owner's hand. (Return it only if it's on the battlefield.)
Cycling {R} ({R}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	153	common	Jason A. Engle		
Bellowing Elk	3G	4	Creature ? Elk	"As long as you had another creature enter the battlefield under your control this turn, Bellowing Elk has trample and indestructible."	G	G	Modern Horizons	157	common	Lucas Graciano		
Excavating Anurid	4G	5	Creature ? Frog Beast	"When Excavating Anurid enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, draw a card.
Threshold ? As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Excavating Anurid gets +1/+1 and has vigilance."	G	G	Modern Horizons	163	common	Joe Slucher		
Frostwalla	2G	3	Snow Creature ? Lizard	{S}: Frostwalla gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)	G	G	Modern Horizons	165	common	Lars Grant-West		
Mother Bear	1G	2	Creature ? Bear	"{3}{G}{G}, Exile Mother Bear from your graveyard: Create two 2/2 green Bear creature tokens. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."	G	G	Modern Horizons	171	common	Winona Nelson		
Murasa Behemoth	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Murasa Behemoth gets +3/+3 as long as there is a land card in your graveyard."	G	G	Modern Horizons	172	common	Dave Kendall		
Rime Tender	1G	2	Snow Creature ? Human Druid	{T}: Untap another target snow permanent.	G	G	Modern Horizons	176	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Savage Swipe	G	1	Sorcery	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn if its power is 2. Then it fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)	G	G	Modern Horizons	178	common	David Gaillet		
Springbloom Druid	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"When Springbloom Druid enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Modern Horizons	181	common	Randy Gallegos		
Treefolk Umbra	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 and assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	G	G	Modern Horizons	185	common	Zack Stella		
Treetop Ambusher	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Berserker	"Dash {1}{G} (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it's returned from the battlefield to its owner's hand at the beginning of the next end step.)
Whenever Treetop Ambusher attacks, target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Modern Horizons	186	common	Randy Vargas		
Trumpeting Herd	2GG	4	Sorcery	"Create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	G	G	Modern Horizons	187	common	Lars Grant-West		
Twin-Silk Spider	2G	3	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
When Twin-Silk Spider enters the battlefield, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach."	G	G	Modern Horizons	188	common	Ben Maier		
Winding Way	1G	2	Sorcery	Choose creature or land. Reveal the top four cards of your library. Put all cards of the chosen type revealed this way into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Modern Horizons	193	common	Adam Paquette		
Amorphous Axe	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and is every creature type.
Equip {3}"			Modern Horizons	219	common	Martina Pilcerova		
Arcum's Astrolabe	S	1	Snow Artifact	"({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
When Arcum's Astrolabe enters the battlefield, draw a card.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color."			Modern Horizons	220	common	Igor Kieryluk		
Fountain of Ichor	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add one mana of any color.
{3}: Fountain of Ichor becomes a 3/3 Dinosaur artifact creature until end of turn."			Modern Horizons	223	common	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Cave of Temptation		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Add one mana of any color.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Cave of Temptation: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery."			Modern Horizons	237	common	Winona Nelson		
Geist of the Moors	1WW	3	Creature ? Spirit	Flying	W	W	Magic 2015	13	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Jhessian Thief	2U	3	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Jhessian Thief deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Magic Origins	62	uncommon	Miles Johnston		
Despoiler of Souls	BB	2	Creature ? Horror	"Despoiler of Souls can't block.
{B}{B}, Exile two other creature cards from your graveyard: Return Despoiler of Souls from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Duel Decks: Nissa vs. Ob Nixilis	45	rare	Greg Staples		
Indulgent Tormentor	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card unless target opponent sacrifices a creature or pays 3 life."	B	B	Duel Decks: Nissa vs. Ob Nixilis	53	rare	Wesley Burt		
Priest of the Blood Rite	3BB	5	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Priest of the Blood Rite enters the battlefield, create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 2 life."	B	B	Duel Decks: Nissa vs. Ob Nixilis	57	rare	David Palumbo		
Harbinger of the Tides	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"You may cast Harbinger of the Tides as though it had flash if you pay {2} more to cast it. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
When Harbinger of the Tides enters the battlefield, you may return target tapped creature an opponent controls to its owner's hand."	U	U	Duel Decks: Merfolk vs. Goblins	7	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Goblin Rabblemaster	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Other Goblin creatures you control attack each combat if able.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste.
Whenever Goblin Rabblemaster attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Goblin."	R	R	Duel Decks: Merfolk vs. Goblins	46	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen"	2GG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Reach
Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen attacks, you gain 1 life for each attacking Elf you control."	G	G	Duel Decks: Elves vs. Inventors	2	rare	Johannes Voss		
Pia and Kiran Nalaar	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Pia and Kiran Nalaar enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.
{2}{R}, Sacrifice an artifact: Pia and Kiran Nalaar deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Duel Decks: Elves vs. Inventors	47	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Scuttling Doom Engine	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Scuttling Doom Engine can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
When Scuttling Doom Engine dies, it deals 6 damage to target opponent or planeswalker."			Duel Decks: Elves vs. Inventors	61	rare	Filip Burburan		
Boonweaver Giant	6W	7	Creature ? Giant Monk	"When Boonweaver Giant enters the battlefield, you may search your graveyard, hand, and/or library for an Aura card and put it onto the battlefield attached to Boonweaver Giant. If you search your library this way, shuffle it."	W	W	Magic 2015	5	uncommon	Adam Paquette		
Constricting Sliver	5W	6	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""When this creature enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature an opponent controls until this creature leaves the battlefield."""	W	W	Magic 2015	7	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Dauntless River Marshal	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Dauntless River Marshal gets +1/+1 as long as you control an Island.
{3}{U}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Magic 2015	8	uncommon	Mark Winters		
First Response	3W	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, if you lost life last turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token."	W	W	Magic 2015	12	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Paragon of New Dawns	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.
{W}, {T}: Another target white creature you control gains vigilance until end of turn. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	23	uncommon	John Stanko		
Seraph of the Masses	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Flying
Seraph of the Masses's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control."	W	W	Magic 2015	32	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Warden of the Beyond	2W	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Warden of the Beyond gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent owns a card in exile."	W	W	Magic 2015	42	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Diffusion Sliver	1U	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver creature you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays {2}."	U	U	Magic 2015	50	uncommon	Trevor Claxton		
Ensoul Artifact	1U	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant artifact
Enchanted artifact is a creature with base power and toughness 5/5 in addition to its other types."	U	U	Magic 2015	54	uncommon	Jasper Sandner		
Jorubai Murk Lurker	2U	3	Creature ? Leech	"Jorubai Murk Lurker gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Swamp.
{1}{B}: Target creature gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)"	U	U	Magic 2015	65	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Kapsho Kitefins	4UU	6	Creature ? Fish	"Flying
Whenever Kapsho Kitefins or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, tap target creature an opponent controls."	U	U	Magic 2015	66	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Military Intelligence	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever you attack with two or more creatures, draw a card."	U	U	Magic 2015	69	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Paragon of Gathering Mists	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.
{U}, {T}: Another target blue creature you control gains flying until end of turn."	U	U	Magic 2015	73	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Quickling	1U	2	Creature ? Faerie Rogue	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
When Quickling enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return another creature you control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Magic 2015	76	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Blood Host	3BB	5	Creature ? Vampire	"{1}{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Blood Host and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Magic 2015	87	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Endless Obedience	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Magic 2015	94	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Feast on the Fallen	2B	3	Enchantment	"At the beginning of each upkeep, if an opponent lost life last turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control."	B	B	Magic 2015	96	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Leeching Sliver	1B	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Whenever a Sliver you control attacks, defending player loses 1 life."	B	B	Magic 2015	102	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Nightfire Giant	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie Giant	"Nightfire Giant gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Mountain.
{4}{R}: Nightfire Giant deals 2 damage to any target."	B	R	Magic 2015	109	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Paragon of Open Graves	3B	4	Creature ? Skeleton Warrior	"Other black creatures you control get +1/+1.
{2}{B}, {T}: Another target black creature you control gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Magic 2015	111	uncommon	Min Yum		
Ulcerate	B	1	Instant	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. You lose 3 life.	B	B	Magic 2015	119	uncommon	Johann Bodin		
Wall of Limbs	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie Wall	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Wall of Limbs.
{5}{B}{B}, Sacrifice Wall of Limbs: Target player loses X life, where X is Wall of Limbs's power."	B	B	Magic 2015	121	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Xathrid Slyblade	2B	3	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
{3}{B}: Until end of turn, Xathrid Slyblade loses hexproof and gains first strike and deathtouch. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike. Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Magic 2015	124	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Act on Impulse	2R	3	Sorcery	"Exile the top three cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled this way. (If you cast a spell this way, you still pay its costs. You can play a land this way only if you have an available land play remaining.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	126	uncommon	Brad Rigney		
Altac Bloodseeker	1R	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, Altac Bloodseeker gets +2/+0 and gains first strike and haste until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike, and it can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	128	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Belligerent Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have menace. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	R	R	Magic 2015	129	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Brood Keeper	3R	4	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever an Aura becomes attached to Brood Keeper, create a 2/2 red Dragon creature token with flying. It has ""{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."""	R	R	Magic 2015	132	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Kird Chieftain	3R	4	Creature ? Ape	"Kird Chieftain gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Forest.
{4}{G}: Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	151	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Might Makes Right	5R	6	Enchantment	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control each creature on the battlefield with the greatest power, gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	156	uncommon	Mark Winters		
Paragon of Fierce Defiance	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Other red creatures you control get +1/+1.
{R}, {T}: Another target red creature you control gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	158	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Stoke the Flames	2RR	4	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Stoke the Flames deals 4 damage to any target."	R	R	Magic 2015	164	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Feral Incarnation	8G	9	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Create three 3/3 green Beast creature tokens."	G	G	Magic 2015	174	uncommon	Eytan Zana		
Nissa's Expedition	4G	5	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2015	188	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Paragon of Eternal Wilds	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.
{G}, {T}: Another target green creature you control gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Magic 2015	190	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Sunblade Elf	G	1	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Sunblade Elf gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Plains.
{4}{W}: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	W	Magic 2015	202	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Venom Sliver	1G	2	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have deathtouch. (Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)	G	G	Magic 2015	205	uncommon	Dave Kendall		
Brawler's Plate	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
Equip {4} ({4}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2015	213	uncommon	Jung Park		
Hot Soup	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature can't be blocked.
Whenever equipped creature is dealt damage, destroy it.
Equip {3} ({3}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2015	219	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Meteorite	5	5	Artifact	"When Meteorite enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to any target.
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Magic 2015	221	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Profane Memento	1	1	Artifact	"Whenever a creature card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, you gain 1 life."			Magic 2015	226	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Sacred Armory	2	2	Artifact	{2}: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.			Magic 2015	228	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Anointer of Champions	W	1	Creature ? Human Cleric	{T}: Target attacking creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	W	W	Magic Origins	3	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Blessed Spirits	2W	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Flying
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Blessed Spirits."	W	W	Magic Origins	7	uncommon	Anna Steinbauer		
Consul's Lieutenant	WW	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"First strike
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
Whenever Consul's Lieutenant attacks, if it's renowned, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic Origins	11	uncommon	Daarken		
Patron of the Valiant	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Patron of the Valiant enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it."	W	W	Magic Origins	28	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Sentinel of the Eternal Watch	5W	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
At the beginning of combat on each opponent's turn, tap target creature that player controls."	W	W	Magic Origins	30	uncommon	Bastien L. Deharme		
Swift Reckoning	1W	2	Sorcery	"Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, you may cast Swift Reckoning as though it had flash. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)
Destroy target tapped creature."	W	W	Magic Origins	35	uncommon	Chris Rahn		
Valor in Akros	3W	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Magic Origins	39	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
War Oracle	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	41	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Anchor to the Aether	2U	3	Sorcery	Put target creature on top of its owner's library. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	U	U	Magic Origins	44	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Clash of Wills	XU	1	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays {X}.	U	U	Magic Origins	49	uncommon	Yan Li		
Hydrolash	2U	3	Instant	"Attacking creatures get -2/-0 until end of turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Magic Origins	59	uncommon	Clint Cearley		
Psychic Rebuttal	1U	2	Instant	"Counter target instant or sorcery spell that targets you.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, you may copy the spell countered this way. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Magic Origins	67	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Sphinx's Tutelage	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you draw a card, target opponent puts the top two cards of their library into their graveyard. If they're both nonland cards that share a color, repeat this process.
{5}{U}: Draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Magic Origins	76	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Whirler Rogue	2UU	4	Creature ? Human Rogue Artificer	"When Whirler Rogue enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.
Tap two untapped artifacts you control: Target creature can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Magic Origins	83	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Consecrated by Blood	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying and ""Sacrifice two other creatures: Regenerate this creature."" (The next time the creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	B	B	Magic Origins	87	uncommon	John Stanko		
Eyeblight Massacre	2BB	4	Sorcery	Non-Elf creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic Origins	96	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Gnarlroot Trapper	B	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {G}. Spend this mana only to cast an Elf creature spell.
{T}: Target attacking Elf you control gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	G	Magic Origins	100	uncommon	Christopher Moeller		
Malakir Cullblade	1B	2	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Malakir Cullblade."	B	B	Magic Origins	108	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Necromantic Summons	4B	5	Sorcery	"Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, that creature enters the battlefield with two additional +1/+1 counters on it."	B	B	Magic Origins	110	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Shadows of the Past	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature dies, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)
{4}{B}: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Activate this ability only if there are four or more creature cards in your graveyard."	B	B	Magic Origins	118	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Acolyte of the Inferno	2R	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
Whenever Acolyte of the Inferno becomes blocked by a creature, it deals 2 damage to that creature."	R	R	Magic Origins	128	uncommon	Joseph Meehan		
Call of the Full Moon	1R	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+2 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, sacrifice Call of the Full Moon."	R	R	Magic Origins	134	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Enthralling Victor	3R	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"When Enthralling Victor enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature an opponent controls with power 2 or less until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and {T} this turn.)"	R	R	Magic Origins	142	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Ghirapur Aether Grid	2R	3	Enchantment	Tap two untapped artifacts you control: Ghirapur Aether Grid deals 1 damage to any target.	R	R	Magic Origins	148	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Goblin Glory Chaser	R	1	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
As long as Goblin Glory Chaser is renowned, it has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	R	R	Magic Origins	150	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Magmatic Insight	R	1	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a land card.
Draw two cards."	R	R	Magic Origins	155	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Ravaging Blaze	XRR	2	Instant	"Ravaging Blaze deals X damage to target creature.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, Ravaging Blaze also deals X damage to that creature's controller."	R	R	Magic Origins	159	uncommon	Aleksi Briclot		
Seismic Elemental	3RR	5	Creature ? Elemental	"When Seismic Elemental enters the battlefield, creatures without flying can't block this turn."	R	R	Magic Origins	161	uncommon	Jasper Sandner		
Skyraker Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	R	R	Magic Origins	162	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Thopter Engineer	2R	3	Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Thopter Engineer enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
Artifact creatures you control have haste. (They can attack and {T} as soon as they come under your control.)"	R	R	Magic Origins	165	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Conclave Naturalists	4G	5	Creature ? Dryad	"When Conclave Naturalists enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Magic Origins	171	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Dwynen's Elite	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"When Dwynen's Elite enters the battlefield, if you control another Elf, create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."	G	G	Magic Origins	173	uncommon	Lius Lasahido		
Elemental Bond	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature with power 3 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card."	G	G	Magic Origins	174	uncommon	David Gaillet		
Gather the Pack	1G	2	Sorcery	"Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, put up to two creature cards from among the revealed cards into your hand instead of one."	G	G	Magic Origins	178	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Joraga Invocation	4GG	6	Sorcery	Each creature you control gets +3/+3 until end of turn and must be blocked this turn if able.	G	G	Magic Origins	183	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Skysnare Spider	4GG	6	Creature ? Spider	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)"	G	G	Magic Origins	197	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Somberwald Alpha	3G	4	Creature ? Wolf	"Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
{1}{G}: Target creature you control gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)"	G	G	Magic Origins	198	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Undercity Troll	1G	2	Creature ? Troll	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
{2}{G}: Regenerate Undercity Troll. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)"	G	G	Magic Origins	202	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Valeron Wardens	2G	3	Creature ? Human Monk	"Renown 2 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put two +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes renowned.)
Whenever a creature you control becomes renowned, draw a card."	G	G	Magic Origins	203	uncommon	Howard Lyon		
Zendikar's Roil	3GG	5	Enchantment	"Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 2/2 green Elemental creature token."	G	G	Magic Origins	209	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Blazing Hellhound	2BR	4	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"{1}, Sacrifice another creature: Blazing Hellhound deals 1 damage to any target."	R	R	Magic Origins	210	uncommon	Eric Velhagen		
Blood-Cursed Knight	1WB	3	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"As long as you control an enchantment, Blood-Cursed Knight gets +1/+1 and has lifelink. (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	211	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Bounding Krasis	1GU	3	Creature ? Fish Lizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Bounding Krasis enters the battlefield, you may tap or untap target creature."	U	U	Magic Origins	212	uncommon	Jack Wang		
Citadel Castellan	1GW	3	Creature ? Human Knight	"Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)
Renown 2 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put two +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes renowned.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	213	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Iroas's Champion	1RW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Double strike (This creature deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)	W	W	Magic Origins	214	uncommon	Marco Nelor		
Possessed Skaab	3UB	5	Creature ? Zombie	"When Possessed Skaab enters the battlefield, return target instant, sorcery, or creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
If Possessed Skaab would die, exile it instead."	U	U	Magic Origins	215	uncommon	John Stanko		
Reclusive Artificer	2UR	4	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Haste (This creature can attack and {T} as soon as it comes under your control.)
When Reclusive Artificer enters the battlefield, you may have it deal damage to target creature equal to the number of artifacts you control."	U	U	Magic Origins	216	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Shaman of the Pack	1BG	3	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"When Shaman of the Pack enters the battlefield, target opponent loses life equal to the number of Elves you control."	G	G	Magic Origins	217	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Thunderclap Wyvern	2WU	4	Creature ? Drake	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Flying
Other creatures you control with flying get +1/+1."	W	W	Magic Origins	218	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Zendikar Incarnate	2RG	4	Creature ? Elemental	Zendikar Incarnate's power is equal to the number of lands you control.	R	R	Magic Origins	219	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Prism Ring	1	1	Artifact	"As Prism Ring enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Whenever you cast a spell of the chosen color, you gain 1 life."			Magic Origins	235	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Ramroller	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Juggernaut	"Ramroller attacks each combat if able.
Ramroller gets +2/+0 as long as you control another artifact."			Magic Origins	237	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Sigil of Valor	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever equipped creature attacks alone, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each other creature you control.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic Origins	239	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Throwing Knife	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may sacrifice Throwing Knife. If you do, Throwing Knife deals 2 damage to any target.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic Origins	241	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
War Horn	3	3	Artifact	Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.			Magic Origins	243	uncommon	Lars Grant-West		
Foundry of the Consuls		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{5}, {T}, Sacrifice Foundry of the Consuls: Create two 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying."			Magic Origins	247	uncommon	Sam Burley		
Mage-Ring Network		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Put a storage counter on Mage-Ring Network.
{T}, Remove any number of storage counters from Mage-Ring Network: Add {C} for each storage counter removed this way."			Magic Origins	249	uncommon	Jung Park		
Ajani Steadfast	3W	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Ajani	"+1: Until end of turn, up to one target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike, vigilance, and lifelink.
?2: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control and a loyalty counter on each other planeswalker you control.
?7: You get an emblem with ""If a source would deal damage to you or a planeswalker you control, prevent all but 1 of that damage."""	W	W	Magic 2015	1	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Avacyn, Guardian Angel"	2WWW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
{1}{W}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to another target creature this turn by sources of the color of your choice.
{5}{W}{W}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target player or planeswalker this turn by sources of the color of your choice."	W	W	Magic 2015	3	rare	Winona Nelson		
Hushwing Gryff	2W	3	Creature ? Hippogriff	"Flash
Flying
Creatures entering the battlefield don't cause abilities to trigger."	W	W	Magic 2015	15	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Resolute Archangel	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
When Resolute Archangel enters the battlefield, if your life total is less than your starting life total, it becomes equal to your starting life total."	W	W	Magic 2015	28	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Return to the Ranks	XWW	2	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Return X target creature cards with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Magic 2015	29	rare	Michael Komarck		
Soul of Theros	4WW	6	Creature ? Avatar	"Vigilance
{4}{W}{W}: Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain first strike and lifelink until end of turn.
{4}{W}{W}, Exile Soul of Theros from your graveyard: Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain first strike and lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Magic 2015	34	mythic	Zack Stella		
Spectra Ward	3WW	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from all colors. This effect doesn't remove Auras. (It can't be blocked, targeted, or dealt damage by anything that's white, blue, black, red, or green.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	36	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Spirit Bonds	1W	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {W}. If you do, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
{1}{W}, Sacrifice a Spirit: Target non-Spirit creature gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	37	rare	Willian Murai		
Aetherspouts	3UU	5	Instant	"For each attacking creature, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library."	U	U	Magic 2015	44	rare	Dan Scott		
Chasm Skulker	2U	3	Creature ? Squid Horror	"Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Chasm Skulker.
When Chasm Skulker dies, create X 1/1 blue Squid creature tokens with islandwalk, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Chasm Skulker. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"	U	U	Magic 2015	46	rare	Jack Wang		
Chief Engineer	1U	2	Creature ? Vedalken Artificer	Artifact spells you cast have convoke. (Your creatures can help cast those spells. Each creature you tap while casting an artifact spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)	U	U	Magic 2015	47	rare	Steven Belledin		
"Jace, the Living Guildpact"	2UU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace	"+1: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your graveyard.
?3: Return another target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.
?8: Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library. You draw seven cards."	U	U	Magic 2015	62	mythic	Chase Stone		
"Jalira, Master Polymorphist"	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}, Sacrifice another creature: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonlegendary creature card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	U	U	Magic 2015	64	rare	Steve Prescott		
Master of Predicaments	3UU	5	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
Whenever Master of Predicaments deals combat damage to a player, choose a card in your hand. That player guesses whether the card's converted mana cost is greater than 4. If the player guessed wrong, you may cast the card without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Magic 2015	67	rare	Matt Stewart		
Mercurial Pretender	4U	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Mercurial Pretender enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature you control, except it has ""{2}{U}{U}: Return this creature to its owner's hand."""	U	U	Magic 2015	68	rare	Izzy		
Polymorphist's Jest	1UU	3	Instant	"Until end of turn, each creature target player controls loses all abilities and becomes a blue Frog with base power and toughness 1/1."	U	U	Magic 2015	75	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Soul of Ravnica	4UU	6	Creature ? Avatar	"Flying
{5}{U}{U}: Draw a card for each color among permanents you control.
{5}{U}{U}, Exile Soul of Ravnica from your graveyard: Draw a card for each color among permanents you control."	U	U	Magic 2015	78	mythic	Stephan Martiniere		
Cruel Sadist	B	1	Creature ? Human Assassin	"{B}, {T}, Pay 1 life: Put a +1/+1 counter on Cruel Sadist.
{2}{B}, {T}, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Cruel Sadist: It deals X damage to target creature."	B	B	Magic 2015	93	rare	Min Yum		
In Garruk's Wake	7BB	9	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures you don't control and all planeswalkers you don't control.	B	B	Magic 2015	100	rare	Chase Stone		
Necromancer's Stockpile	1B	2	Enchantment	"{1}{B}, Discard a creature card: Draw a card. If the discarded card was a Zombie card, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Magic 2015	108	rare	Seb McKinnon		
"Ob Nixilis, Unshackled"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying, trample
Whenever an opponent searches their library, that player sacrifices a creature and loses 10 life.
Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Ob Nixilis, Unshackled."	B	B	Magic 2015	110	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Soul of Innistrad	4BB	6	Creature ? Avatar	"Deathtouch
{3}{B}{B}: Return up to three target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.
{3}{B}{B}, Exile Soul of Innistrad from your graveyard: Return up to three target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Magic 2015	115	mythic	Adam Paquette		
Stain the Mind	4B	5	Sorcery	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Choose a nonland card name. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Magic 2015	117	rare	Jason Rainville		
Waste Not	1B	2	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent discards a creature card, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
Whenever an opponent discards a land card, add {B}{B}.
Whenever an opponent discards a noncreature, nonland card, draw a card."	B	B	Magic 2015	122	rare	Matt Stewart		
Aggressive Mining	3R	4	Enchantment	"You can't play lands.
Sacrifice a land: Draw two cards. Activate this ability only once each turn."	R	R	Magic 2015	127	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Burning Anger	4R	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{T}: This creature deals damage equal to its power to any target."""	R	R	Magic 2015	133	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Goblin Kaboomist	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create a colorless artifact token named Land Mine with ""{R}, Sacrifice this artifact: This artifact deals 2 damage to target attacking creature without flying."" Then flip a coin. If you lose the flip, Goblin Kaboomist deals 2 damage to itself."	R	R	Magic 2015	144	rare	Kev Walker		
"Kurkesh, Onakke Ancient"	2RR	4	Legendary Creature ? Ogre Spirit	"Whenever you activate an ability of an artifact, if it isn't a mana ability, you may pay {R}. If you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Magic 2015	153	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Siege Dragon	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Siege Dragon enters the battlefield, destroy all Walls your opponents control.
Whenever Siege Dragon attacks, if defending player controls no Walls, it deals 2 damage to each creature without flying that player controls."	R	R	Magic 2015	162	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Soul of Shandalar	4RR	6	Creature ? Avatar	"First strike
{3}{R}{R}: Soul of Shandalar deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker and 3 damage to up to one target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.
{3}{R}{R}, Exile Soul of Shandalar from your graveyard: Soul of Shandalar deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker and 3 damage to up to one target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls."	R	R	Magic 2015	163	mythic	Raymond Swanland		
Genesis Hydra	XGG	2	Creature ? Plant Hydra	"When you cast this spell, reveal the top X cards of your library. You may put a nonland permanent card with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle the rest into your library.
Genesis Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it."	G	G	Magic 2015	176	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Hornet Nest	2G	3	Creature ? Insect	"Defender (This creature can't attack.)
Whenever Hornet Nest is dealt damage, create that many 1/1 green Insect creature tokens with flying and deathtouch. (Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	G	G	Magic 2015	177	rare	Adam Paquette		
Kalonian Twingrove	5G	6	Creature ? Treefolk Warrior	"Kalonian Twingrove's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control.
When Kalonian Twingrove enters the battlefield, create a green Treefolk Warrior creature token with ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control."""	G	G	Magic 2015	182	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Life's Legacy	1G	2	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Draw cards equal to the sacrificed creature's power."	G	G	Magic 2015	183	rare	Howard Lyon		
"Nissa, Worldwaker"	3GG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa	"+1: Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature with trample. It's still a land.
+1: Untap up to four target Forests.
?7: Search your library for any number of basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. Those lands become 4/4 Elemental creatures with trample. They're still lands."	G	G	Magic 2015	187	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
Phytotitan	4GG	6	Creature ? Plant Elemental	"When Phytotitan dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control at the beginning of their next upkeep."	G	G	Magic 2015	191	rare	Marco Nelor		
Soul of Zendikar	4GG	6	Creature ? Avatar	"Reach
{3}{G}{G}: Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.
{3}{G}{G}, Exile Soul of Zendikar from your graveyard: Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token."	G	G	Magic 2015	201	mythic	Vincent Proce		
"Yisan, the Wanderer Bard"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Rogue	"{2}{G}, {T}, Put a verse counter on Yisan, the Wanderer Bard: Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost equal to the number of verse counters on Yisan, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic 2015	209	rare	Chase Stone		
Sliver Hivelord	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have indestructible. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy them.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	211	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Avarice Amulet	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has vigilance and ""At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card.""
Whenever equipped creature dies, target opponent gains control of Avarice Amulet.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2015	212	rare	Steven Belledin		
The Chain Veil	4	4	Legendary Artifact	"At the beginning of your end step, if you didn't activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker this turn, you lose 2 life.
{4}, {T}: For each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of its loyalty abilities once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn."			Magic 2015	215	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
Obelisk of Urd	6	6	Artifact	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
As Obelisk of Urd enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures you control of the chosen type get +2/+2."			Magic 2015	222	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Perilous Vault	4	4	Artifact	"{5}, {T}, Exile Perilous Vault: Exile all nonland permanents."			Magic 2015	224	mythic	Sam Burley		
Shield of the Avatar	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"If a source would deal damage to equipped creature, prevent X of that damage, where X is the number of creatures you control.
Equip {2} ({2}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic 2015	230	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Soul of New Phyrexia	6	6	Artifact Creature ? Avatar	"Trample
{5}: Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.
{5}, Exile Soul of New Phyrexia from your graveyard: Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn."			Magic 2015	231	mythic	Daarken		
Sliver Hive		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a Sliver spell.
{5}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Sliver creature token. Activate this ability only if you control a Sliver."			Magic 2015	247	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Archangel of Tithes	1WWW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
As long as Archangel of Tithes is untapped, creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays {1} for each of those creatures.
As long as Archangel of Tithes is attacking, creatures can't block unless their controller pays {1} for each of those creatures."	W	W	Magic Origins	4	mythic	Cynthia Sheppard		
Gideon's Phalanx	5WW	7	Instant	"Create four 2/2 white Knight creature tokens with vigilance.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Magic Origins	14	rare	James Ryman		
Hallowed Moonlight	1W	2	Instant	"Until end of turn, if a creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn't cast, exile it instead.
Draw a card."	W	W	Magic Origins	16	rare	Mike Bierek		
"Hixus, Prison Warden"	3WW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Whenever a creature deals combat damage to you, if Hixus, Prison Warden entered the battlefield this turn, exile that creature until Hixus leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Magic Origins	19	rare	Chris Rallis		
Kytheon's Irregulars	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
{W}{W}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Magic Origins	24	rare	Mark Winters		
Relic Seeker	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
When Relic Seeker becomes renowned, you may search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Magic Origins	29	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Starfield of Nyx	4W	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target enchantment card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
As long as you control five or more enchantments, each other non-Aura enchantment you control is a creature in addition to its other types and has base power and base toughness each equal to its converted mana cost."	W	W	Magic Origins	33	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Tragic Arrogance	3WW	5	Sorcery	"For each player, you choose from among the permanents that player controls an artifact, a creature, an enchantment, and a planeswalker. Then each player sacrifices all other nonland permanents they control."	W	W	Magic Origins	38	rare	Winona Nelson		
Vryn Wingmare	2W	3	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying
Noncreature spells cost {1} more to cast."	W	W	Magic Origins	40	rare	Seb McKinnon		
"Alhammarret, High Arbiter"	5UU	7	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
As Alhammarret, High Arbiter enters the battlefield, each opponent reveals their hand. You choose the name of a nonland card revealed this way.
Your opponents can't cast spells with the chosen name (as long as this creature is on the battlefield)."	U	U	Magic Origins	43	rare	Richard Wright		
Day's Undoing	2U	3	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. If it's your turn, end the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities on the stack, including this card. Discard down to your maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and ""this turn"" and ""until end of turn"" effects end.)"	U	U	Magic Origins	51	mythic	Jonas De Ro		
Disciple of the Ring	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}, Exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard: Choose one ?
? Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays {2}.
? Disciple of the Ring gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
? Tap target creature.
? Untap target creature."	U	U	Magic Origins	53	mythic	Clint Cearley		
Displacement Wave	XUU	2	Sorcery	Return all nonland permanents with converted mana cost X or less to their owners' hands.	U	U	Magic Origins	55	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Jace's Sanctum	3U	4	Enchantment	"Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)"	U	U	Magic Origins	61	rare	Adam Paquette		
Mizzium Meddler	2U	3	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Mizzium Meddler enters the battlefield, you may change a target of target spell or ability to Mizzium Meddler."	U	U	Magic Origins	64	rare	Johann Bodin		
Soulblade Djinn	3UU	5	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	U	U	Magic Origins	75	rare	Viktor Titov		
Talent of the Telepath	2UU	4	Sorcery	"Target opponent reveals the top seven cards of their library. You may cast an instant or sorcery card from among them without paying its mana cost. Then that player puts the rest into their graveyard.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, you may cast up to two revealed instant and/or sorcery cards instead of one."	U	U	Magic Origins	78	rare	Peter Mohrbacher		
Thopter Spy Network	2UU	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control an artifact, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
Whenever one or more artifact creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Magic Origins	79	rare	Jung Park		
Willbreaker	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, gain control of that creature for as long as you control Willbreaker."	U	U	Magic Origins	84	rare	Dan Scott		
Dark Petition	3BB	5	Sorcery	"Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, add {B}{B}{B}."	B	B	Magic Origins	90	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Demonic Pact	2BB	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one that hasn't been chosen ?
? Demonic Pact deals 4 damage to any target and you gain 4 life.
? Target opponent discards two cards.
? Draw two cards.
? You lose the game."	B	B	Magic Origins	92	mythic	Aleksi Briclot		
Erebos's Titan	1BBB	4	Creature ? Giant	"As long as your opponents control no creatures, Erebos's Titan has indestructible. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)
Whenever a creature card leaves an opponent's graveyard, you may discard a card. If you do, return Erebos's Titan from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Magic Origins	94	mythic	Peter Mohrbacher		
Gilt-Leaf Winnower	3BB	5	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
When Gilt-Leaf Winnower enters the battlefield, you may destroy target non-Elf creature whose power and toughness aren't equal."	B	B	Magic Origins	99	rare	Viktor Titov		
Graveblade Marauder	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
Whenever Graveblade Marauder deals combat damage to a player, that player loses life equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	B	B	Magic Origins	101	rare	Jason Rainville		
Infinite Obliteration	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Choose a creature card name. Search target opponent's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library."	B	B	Magic Origins	103	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
"Kothophed, Soul Hoarder"	4BB	6	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Whenever a permanent owned by another player is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Magic Origins	104	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Languish	2BB	4	Sorcery	All creatures get -4/-4 until end of turn.	B	B	Magic Origins	105	rare	Jeff Simpson		
Tainted Remedy	2B	3	Enchantment	"If an opponent would gain life, that player loses that much life instead."	B	B	Magic Origins	120	rare	Izzy		
Abbot of Keral Keep	1R	2	Creature ? Human Monk	"Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Abbot of Keral Keep enters the battlefield, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card."	R	R	Magic Origins	127	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
Avaricious Dragon	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card.
At the beginning of your end step, discard your hand."	R	R	Magic Origins	131	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Chandra's Ignition	3RR	5	Sorcery	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to each other creature and each opponent.	R	R	Magic Origins	137	rare	Eric Deschamps		
Embermaw Hellion	3RR	5	Creature ? Hellion	"Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)
If another red source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals that much damage plus 1 to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Magic Origins	141	rare	James Paick		
Exquisite Firecraft	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Exquisite Firecraft deals 4 damage to any target.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, this spell can't be countered."	R	R	Magic Origins	143	rare	Chase Stone		
Flameshadow Conjuring	3R	4	Enchantment	"Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay {R}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that creature. That token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Magic Origins	147	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Molten Vortex	R	1	Enchantment	"{R}, Discard a land card: Molten Vortex deals 2 damage to any target."	R	R	Magic Origins	156	rare	Philip Straub		
Scab-Clan Berserker	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Berserker	"Haste
Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, if Scab-Clan Berserker is renowned, Scab-Clan Berserker deals 2 damage to that player."	R	R	Magic Origins	160	rare	Dave Kendall		
Animist's Awakening	XG	1	Sorcery	"Reveal the top X cards of your library. Put all land cards from among them onto the battlefield tapped and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, untap those lands."	G	G	Magic Origins	169	rare	Chris Rahn		
Evolutionary Leap	1G	2	Enchantment	"{G}, Sacrifice a creature: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Magic Origins	176	rare	Chris Rahn		
The Great Aurora	6GGG	9	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles all cards from their hand and all permanents they own into their library, then draws that many cards. Each player may put any number of land cards from their hand onto the battlefield. Exile The Great Aurora."	G	G	Magic Origins	179	mythic	Sam Burley		
Herald of the Pantheon	1G	2	Creature ? Centaur Shaman	"Enchantment spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you gain 1 life."	G	G	Magic Origins	180	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Honored Hierarch	G	1	Creature ? Human Druid	"Renown 1 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put a +1/+1 counter on it and it becomes renowned.)
As long as Honored Hierarch is renowned, it has vigilance and ""{T}: Add one mana of any color."""	G	G	Magic Origins	182	rare	Matt Stewart		
Managorger Hydra	2G	3	Creature ? Hydra	"Trample
Whenever a player casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Managorger Hydra."	G	G	Magic Origins	186	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Nissa's Revelation	5GG	7	Sorcery	"Scry 5, then reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, you draw cards equal to its power and you gain life equal to its toughness."	G	G	Magic Origins	191	rare	Izzy		
Outland Colossus	3GG	5	Creature ? Giant	"Renown 6 (When this creature deals combat damage to a player, if it isn't renowned, put six +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes renowned.)
Outland Colossus can't be blocked by more than one creature."	G	G	Magic Origins	193	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Woodland Bellower	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"When Woodland Bellower enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a nonlegendary green creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Magic Origins	207	mythic	Jasper Sandner		
Alhammarret's Archive	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead.
If you would draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, draw two cards instead."			Magic Origins	221	mythic	Richard Wright		
Hangarback Walker	XX	0	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Hangarback Walker enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When Hangarback Walker dies, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying for each +1/+1 counter on Hangarback Walker.
{1}, {T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Hangarback Walker."			Magic Origins	229	rare	Daarken		
Helm of the Gods	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.
Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)"			Magic Origins	230	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Mage-Ring Responder	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Mage-Ring Responder doesn't untap during your untap step.
{7}: Untap Mage-Ring Responder.
Whenever Mage-Ring Responder attacks, it deals 7 damage to target creature defending player controls."			Magic Origins	232	rare	Adam Paquette		
Orbs of Warding	5	5	Artifact	"You have hexproof. (You can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
If a creature would deal damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage."			Magic Origins	234	rare	Johann Bodin		
Pyromancer's Goggles	5	5	Legendary Artifact	"{T}: Add {R}. When that mana is spent to cast a red instant or sorcery spell, copy that spell and you may choose new targets for the copy."		R	Magic Origins	236	mythic	James Paick		
Sword of the Animist	2	2	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Equip {2}"			Magic Origins	240	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Ephemeral Shields	1W	2	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say ""destroy"" don't destroy it.)"	W	W	Magic 2015	11	common	Yohann Schepacz		
Meditation Puzzle	3WW	5	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
You gain 8 life."	W	W	Magic 2015	19	common	Mark Winters		
Pillar of Light	2W	3	Instant	Exile target creature with toughness 4 or greater.	W	W	Magic 2015	24	common	Erica Yang		
Sanctified Charge	4W	5	Instant	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. White creatures you control also gain first strike until end of turn. (They deal combat damage before creatures without first strike.)	W	W	Magic 2015	30	common	Dave Kendall		
Chronostutter	5U	6	Instant	Put target creature into its owner's library second from the top.	U	U	Magic 2015	48	common	Seb McKinnon		
Statute of Denial	2UU	4	Instant	"Counter target spell. If you control a blue creature, draw a card, then discard a card."	U	U	Magic 2015	79	common	Zoltan Boros		
Unmake the Graves	4B	5	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Magic 2015	120	common	Aaron Miller		
Blastfire Bolt	5R	6	Instant	Blastfire Bolt deals 5 damage to target creature. Destroy all Equipment attached to that creature.	R	R	Magic 2015	130	common	Phill Simmer		
Crowd's Favor	R	1	Instant	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)"	R	R	Magic 2015	138	common	Slawomir Maniak		
Hunter's Ambush	2G	3	Instant	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by nongreen creatures this turn.	G	G	Magic 2015	180	common	David Palumbo		
Enshrouding Mist	W	1	Instant	"Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it this turn. If it's renowned, untap it."	W	W	Magic Origins	13	common	Howard Lyon		
Calculated Dismissal	2U	3	Instant	"Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, scry 2. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)"	U	U	Magic Origins	48	common	Karl Kopinski		
Send to Sleep	1U	2	Instant	"Tap up to two target creatures.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, those creatures don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps."	U	U	Magic Origins	71	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Dark Dabbling	2B	3	Instant	"Regenerate target creature. Draw a card. (The next time the creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, also regenerate each other creature you control."	B	B	Magic Origins	89	common	Bastien L. Deharme		
Touch of Moonglove	B	1	Instant	"Target creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains deathtouch until end of turn. Whenever a creature dealt damage by that creature dies this turn, its controller loses 2 life. (Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)"	B	B	Magic Origins	123	common	Scott Murphy		
Unholy Hunger	3BB	5	Instant	"Destroy target creature.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, you gain 2 life."	B	B	Magic Origins	125	common	Lius Lasahido		
Fiery Impulse	R	1	Instant	"Fiery Impulse deals 2 damage to target creature.
Spell mastery ? If there are two or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard, Fiery Impulse deals 3 damage to that creature instead."	R	R	Magic Origins	145	common	Daarken		
Aerial Volley	G	1	Instant	"Aerial Volley deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three target creatures with flying."	G	G	Magic Origins	168	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Astral Drift	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cycle Astral Drift or cycle another card while Astral Drift is on the battlefield, you may exile target creature. If you do, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.
Cycling {2}{W} ({2}{W}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	3	rare	Anna Steinbauer		
Face of Divinity	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
As long as another Aura is attached to enchanted creature, it has first strike and lifelink."	W	W	Modern Horizons	8	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Generous Gift	2W	3	Instant	Destroy target permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.	W	W	Modern Horizons	11	uncommon	Kev Walker		
King of the Pride	2W	3	Creature ? Cat	Other Cats you control get +2/+1.	W	W	Modern Horizons	16	uncommon	Jonathan Kuo		
Ranger-Captain of Eos	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Ranger-Captain of Eos enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost 1 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Sacrifice Ranger-Captain of Eos: Your opponents can't cast noncreature spells this turn."	W	W	Modern Horizons	21	mythic	Ryan Pancoast		
"Sisay, Weatherlight Captain"	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Sisay, Weatherlight Captain gets +1/+1 for each color among other legendary permanents you control.
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Search your library for a legendary permanent card with converted mana cost less than Sisay's power, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Modern Horizons	29	rare	Anna Steinbauer		
Splicer's Skill	2W	3	Sorcery	"Create a 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature token.
Splice onto instant or sorcery {3}{W} (As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	31	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Vesperlark	2W	3	Creature ? Elemental	"Flying
When Vesperlark leaves the battlefield, return target creature card with power 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Evoke {1}{W} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	35	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Archmage's Charm	UUU	3	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Counter target spell.
? Target player draws two cards.
? Gain control of target nonland permanent with converted mana cost 1 or less."	U	U	Modern Horizons	40	rare	Alayna Danner		
Bazaar Trademage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
When Bazaar Trademage enters the battlefield, draw two cards, then discard three cards."	U	U	Modern Horizons	41	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Force of Negation	1UU	3	Instant	"If it's not your turn, you may exile a blue card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Counter target noncreature spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard."	U	U	Modern Horizons	52	rare	Paul Scott Canavan		
Mirrodin Besieged	2U	3	Enchantment	"As Mirrodin Besieged enters the battlefield, choose Mirran or Phyrexian.
? Mirran ? Whenever you cast an artifact spell, create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token.
? Phyrexian ? At the beginning of your end step, draw a card, then discard a card. Then if there are fifteen or more artifact cards in your graveyard, target opponent loses the game."	U	U	Modern Horizons	57	rare	Bram Sels		
Mist-Syndicate Naga	2U	3	Creature ? Naga Ninja	"Ninjutsu {2}{U} ({2}{U}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Mist-Syndicate Naga deals combat damage to a player, create a token that's a copy of Mist-Syndicate Naga."	U	U	Modern Horizons	58	rare	Randy Vargas		
Scuttling Sliver	2U	3	Creature ? Sliver Trilobite	"Sliver creatures you control have ""{2}: Untap this creature."""	U	U	Modern Horizons	68	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Tribute Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Tribute Mage enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost 2, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Modern Horizons	73	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Dead of Winter	2B	3	Sorcery	"All nonsnow creatures get -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of snow permanents you control."	B	B	Modern Horizons	85	rare	Zack Stella		
Force of Despair	1BB	3	Instant	"If it's not your turn, you may exile a black card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy all creatures that entered the battlefield this turn."	B	B	Modern Horizons	92	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Plague Engineer	2B	3	Creature ? Carrier	"Deathtouch
As Plague Engineer enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type your opponents control get -1/-1."	B	B	Modern Horizons	100	rare	Nicholas Gregory		
Shatter Assumptions	1BB	3	Sorcery	"Choose one ?
? Target opponent reveals their hand and discards all colorless nonland cards.
? Target opponent reveals their hand and discards all multicolored cards."	B	B	Modern Horizons	106	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Throatseeker	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Ninja	Unblocked attacking Ninjas you control have lifelink.	B	B	Modern Horizons	110	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Alpine Guide	2R	3	Snow Creature ? Human Scout	"When Alpine Guide enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Mountain card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Alpine Guide attacks each combat if able.
When Alpine Guide leaves the battlefield, sacrifice a Mountain."	R	R	Modern Horizons	117	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Aria of Flame	2R	3	Enchantment	"When Aria of Flame enters the battlefield, each opponent gains 10 life.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a verse counter on Aria of Flame, then it deals damage equal to the number of verse counters on it to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Modern Horizons	118	rare	Greg Staples		
Force of Rage	1RR	3	Instant	"If it's not your turn, you may exile a red card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Create two 3/1 red Elemental creature tokens with trample and haste. Sacrifice those tokens at the beginning of your next upkeep."	R	R	Modern Horizons	124	rare	Clint Cearley		
Hollowhead Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""{T}, Discard a card: Draw a card."""	R	R	Modern Horizons	132	uncommon	Johan Grenier		
Pashalik Mons	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Warrior	"Whenever Pashalik Mons or another Goblin you control dies, Pashalik Mons deals 1 damage to any target.
{3}{R}, Sacrifice a Goblin: Create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens."	R	R	Modern Horizons	138	rare	Even Amundsen		
Planebound Accomplice	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	{R}: You may put a planeswalker card from your hand onto the battlefield. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	R	R	Modern Horizons	140	rare	Paul Scott Canavan		
Seasoned Pyromancer	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"When Seasoned Pyromancer enters the battlefield, discard two cards, then draw two cards. For each nonland card discarded this way, create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token.
{3}{R}{R}, Exile Seasoned Pyromancer from your graveyard: Create two 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens."	R	R	Modern Horizons	145	mythic	Cynthia Sheppard		
Spiteful Sliver	2R	3	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""Whenever this creature is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to target player or planeswalker."""	R	R	Modern Horizons	148	rare	Johann Bodin		
Ayula's Influence	GGG	3	Enchantment	Discard a land card: Create a 2/2 green Bear creature token.	G	G	Modern Horizons	156	rare	Kari Christensen		
Glacial Revelation	2G	3	Sorcery	Reveal the top six cards of your library. You may put any number of snow permanent cards from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	G	G	Modern Horizons	167	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Llanowar Tribe	GGG	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	{T}: Add {G}{G}{G}.	G	G	Modern Horizons	170	uncommon	Scott Murphy		
Tempered Sliver	2G	3	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it."""	G	G	Modern Horizons	183	uncommon	Mitchell Malloy		
Unbound Flourishing	2G	3	Enchantment	"Whenever you cast a permanent spell with a mana cost that contains {X}, double the value of X.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell or activate an ability, if that spell's mana cost or that ability's activation cost contains {X}, copy that spell or ability. You may choose new targets for the copy."	G	G	Modern Horizons	189	mythic	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Etchings of the Chosen	1WB	3	Enchantment	"As Etchings of the Chosen enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1.
{1}, Sacrifice a creature of the chosen type: Target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn."	W	W	Modern Horizons	198	uncommon	Chuck Lukacs		
Good-Fortune Unicorn	1GW	3	Creature ? Unicorn	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature."	W	W	Modern Horizons	201	uncommon	Kee Lo		
Kaya's Guile	1WB	3	Instant	"Choose two ?
? Each opponent sacrifices a creature.
? Exile all cards from each opponent's graveyard.
? Create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.
? You gain 4 life.
Entwine {3} (Choose all if you pay the entwine cost.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	205	rare	Jason Rainville		
Lavabelly Sliver	1RW	3	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have ""When this creature enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and you gain 1 life."""	W	W	Modern Horizons	207	uncommon	Mark Behm		
Lightning Skelemental	BRR	3	Creature ? Elemental Skeleton	"Trample, haste
Whenever Lightning Skelemental deals combat damage to a player, that player discards two cards.
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Lightning Skelemental."	R	R	Modern Horizons	208	rare	Nicholas Gregory		
Soulherder	1WU	3	Creature ? Spirit	"Whenever a creature is exiled from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Soulherder.
At the beginning of your end step, you may exile another target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control."	W	W	Modern Horizons	214	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Birthing Boughs	3	3	Artifact	"{4}, {T}: Create a 2/2 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling. (It has every creature type.)"			Modern Horizons	221	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Farmstead Gleaner	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow	"Farmstead Gleaner doesn't untap during your untap step.
{2}, {Q}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Farmstead Gleaner. ({Q} is the untap symbol.)"			Modern Horizons	222	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Scrapyard Recombiner	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Modular 2 (This creature enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)
{T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Search your library for a Construct card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."			Modern Horizons	227	rare	Simon Dominic		
Sword of Sinew and Steel	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from black and from red.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, destroy up to one target planeswalker and up to one target artifact.
Equip {2}"			Modern Horizons	228	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Sword of Truth and Justice	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from white and from blue.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
Equip {2}"			Modern Horizons	229	mythic	Chris Rahn		
"Morophon, the Boundless"	7	7	Legendary Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
As Morophon, the Boundless enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Spells of the chosen type you cast cost {W}{U}{B}{R}{G} less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.
Other creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1."		W	Modern Horizons	1	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
First Sliver's Chosen	4W	5	Creature ? Sliver	"Sliver creatures you control have exalted. (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each instance of exalted among permanents you control.)"	W	W	Modern Horizons	9	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Force of Virtue	2WW	4	Enchantment	"If it's not your turn, you may exile a white card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Flash
Creatures you control get +1/+1."	W	W	Modern Horizons	10	rare	Livia Prima		
Giver of Runes	W	1	Creature ? Kor Cleric	{T}: Another target creature you control gains protection from colorless or from the color of your choice until end of turn.	W	W	Modern Horizons	13	rare	Seb McKinnon		
On Thin Ice	W	1	Snow Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant snow land you control
When On Thin Ice enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until On Thin Ice leaves the battlefield."	W	W	Modern Horizons	20	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Serra the Benevolent	2WW	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Serra	"+2: Creatures you control with flying get +1/+1 until end of turn.
?3: Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying and vigilance.
?6: You get an emblem with ""If you control a creature, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead."""	W	W	Modern Horizons	26	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Valiant Changeling	5WW	7	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature type among creatures you control. This effect can't reduce the amount of mana this spell costs by more than {5}.
Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Double strike"	W	W	Modern Horizons	34	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Winds of Abandon	1W	2	Sorcery	"Exile target creature you don't control. For each creature exiled this way, its controller searches their library for a basic land card. Those players put those cards onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their libraries.
Overload {4}{W}{W} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	W	W	Modern Horizons	37	rare	Noah Bradley		
Zhalfirin Decoy	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	{T}: Tap target creature. Activate this ability only if you had a creature enter the battlefield under your control this turn.	W	W	Modern Horizons	39	uncommon	Paul Scott Canavan		
Blizzard Strix	4U	5	Snow Creature ? Bird	"Flash
Flying
When Blizzard Strix enters the battlefield, if you control another snow permanent, exile target permanent other than Blizzard Strix. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Modern Horizons	42	uncommon	Suzanne Helmigh		
Cunning Evasion	1U	2	Enchantment	"Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, you may return it to its owner's hand."	U	U	Modern Horizons	45	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Echo of Eons	4UU	6	Sorcery	"Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards.
Flashback {2}{U} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	U	U	Modern Horizons	46	mythic	Terese Nielsen		
Everdream	1U	2	Instant	"Draw a card.
Splice onto instant or sorcery {2}{U} (As you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its splice cost. If you do, add this card's effects to that spell.)"	U	U	Modern Horizons	47	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Marit Lage's Slumber	1U	2	Legendary Snow Enchantment	"Whenever Marit Lage's Slumber or another snow permanent enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control ten or more snow permanents, sacrifice Marit Lage's Slumber. If you do, create Marit Lage, a legendary 20/20 black Avatar creature token with flying and indestructible."	U	U	Modern Horizons	56	rare	Randy Vargas		
Oneirophage	3U	4	Creature ? Squid Illusion	"Flying
Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Oneirophage."	U	U	Modern Horizons	60	uncommon	Martina Pilcerova		
Twisted Reflection	1U	2	Instant	"Choose one ?
? Target creature gets -6/-0 until end of turn.
? Switch target creature's power and toughness until end of turn.
Entwine {B} (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)"	U	U	Modern Horizons	74	uncommon	Jason Felix		
"Urza, Lord High Artificer"	2UU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"When Urza, Lord High Artificer enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with ""This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.""
Tap an untapped artifact you control: Add {U}.
{5}: Shuffle your library, then exile the top card. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Modern Horizons	75	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Watcher for Tomorrow	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Hideaway (This creature enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)
When Watcher for Tomorrow leaves the battlefield, put the exiled card into its owner's hand."	U	U	Modern Horizons	76	uncommon	Tommy Arnold		
Cabal Therapist	B	1	Creature ? Horror	"Menace
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, choose a nonland card name, then target player reveals their hand and discards all cards with that name."	B	B	Modern Horizons	80	rare	Mitchell Malloy		
Cordial Vampire	BB	2	Creature ? Vampire	"Whenever Cordial Vampire or another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on each Vampire you control."	B	B	Modern Horizons	83	rare	Winona Nelson		
Dregscape Sliver	1B	2	Creature ? Sliver	"Each Sliver creature card in your graveyard has unearth {2}.
Unearth {2} ({2}: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	88	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Endling	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Shapeshifter	"{B}: Endling gains menace until end of turn.
{B}: Endling gains deathtouch until end of turn.
{B}: Endling gains undying until end of turn. (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
{1}: Endling gets +1/-1 or -1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Modern Horizons	89	rare	Livia Prima		
Feaster of Fools	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Flying
Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	90	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Graveshifter	3B	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Graveshifter enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Modern Horizons	94	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Sadistic Obsession	3B	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has ""{B}, {T}: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature."""	B	B	Modern Horizons	105	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Sling-Gang Lieutenant	3B	4	Creature ? Goblin	"When Sling-Gang Lieutenant enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.
Sacrifice a Goblin: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Modern Horizons	108	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Smiting Helix	3B	4	Sorcery	"Smiting Helix deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.
Flashback {R}{W} (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)"	B	W	Modern Horizons	109	uncommon	Evan Shipard		
Undead Augur	BB	2	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"Whenever Undead Augur or another Zombie you control dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Modern Horizons	112	uncommon	Sara Winters		
"Yawgmoth, Thran Physician"	2BB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Protection from Humans
Pay 1 life, Sacrifice another creature: Put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature and draw a card.
{B}{B}, Discard a card: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	B	B	Modern Horizons	116	mythic	Mark Winters		
Goblin Engineer	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin Artificer	"When Goblin Engineer enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card, put it into your graveyard, then shuffle your library.
{R}, {T}, Sacrifice an artifact: Return target artifact card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield."	R	R	Modern Horizons	128	rare	Jehan Choo		
Goblin Oriflamme	1R	2	Enchantment	Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.	R	R	Modern Horizons	130	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Ore-Scale Guardian	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each land card in your graveyard.
Flying, haste"	R	R	Modern Horizons	137	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Ravenous Giant	2RR	4	Creature ? Giant	"At the beginning of your upkeep, Ravenous Giant deals 1 damage to you."	R	R	Modern Horizons	143	uncommon	Milivoj ?eran		
Tectonic Reformation	1R	2	Enchantment	"Each land card in your hand has cycling {R}.
Cycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Draw a card.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	149	rare	James Paick		
Throes of Chaos	3R	4	Sorcery	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	150	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Vengeful Devil	1R	2	Creature ? Devil	"Haste
Morbid ? {T}: Vengeful Devil deals 1 damage to any target. Activate this ability only if a creature died this turn."	R	R	Modern Horizons	152	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
"Ayula, Queen Among Bears"	1G	2	Legendary Creature ? Bear	"Whenever another Bear enters the battlefield under your control, choose one ?
? Put two +1/+1 counters on target Bear.
? Target Bear you control fights target creature you don't control."	G	G	Modern Horizons	155	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Collector Ouphe	1G	2	Creature ? Ouphe	Activated abilities of artifacts can't be activated.	G	G	Modern Horizons	158	rare	Filip Burburan		
Conifer Wurm	4G	5	Snow Creature ? Wurm	"Trample
{3}{G}: Conifer Wurm gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of snow permanents you control."	G	G	Modern Horizons	159	uncommon	Raoul Vitale		
Crashing Footfalls		0	Sorcery	"Suspend 4?{G} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {G} and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Create two 4/4 green Rhino creature tokens with trample."	G	G	Modern Horizons	160	rare	Dan Scott		
Deep Forest Hermit	3GG	5	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
When Deep Forest Hermit enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 green Squirrel creature tokens.
Squirrels you control get +1/+1."	G	G	Modern Horizons	161	rare	Chris Seaman		
Force of Vigor	2GG	4	Instant	"If it's not your turn, you may exile a green card from your hand rather than pay this spell's mana cost.
Destroy up to two target artifacts and/or enchantments."	G	G	Modern Horizons	164	rare	Randy Vargas		
Saddled Rimestag	1G	2	Snow Creature ? Elk	Saddled Rimestag gets +2/+2 as long as you had another creature enter the battlefield under your control this turn.	G	G	Modern Horizons	177	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Scale Up	G	1	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, target creature you control becomes a green Wurm with base power and toughness 6/4.
Overload {4}{G}{G} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	G	G	Modern Horizons	179	uncommon	Suzanne Helmigh		
Webweaver Changeling	3GG	5	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Reach
When Webweaver Changeling enters the battlefield, if there are three or more creature cards in your graveyard, you gain 5 life."	G	G	Modern Horizons	192	uncommon	Nicholas Gregory		
Abominable Treefolk	2GU	4	Snow Creature ? Treefolk	"Trample
Abominable Treefolk's power and toughness are each equal to the number of snow permanents you control.
When Abominable Treefolk enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."	U	U	Modern Horizons	194	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Cloudshredder Sliver	RW	2	Creature ? Sliver	Sliver creatures you control have flying and haste.	W	W	Modern Horizons	195	rare	Filip Burburan		
Collected Conjuring	2UR	4	Sorcery	Exile the top six cards of your library. You may cast up to two sorcery cards with converted mana cost 3 or less from among them without paying their mana costs. Put the exiled cards not cast this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	U	U	Modern Horizons	196	rare	Steve Argyle		
Fallen Shinobi	3UB	5	Creature ? Zombie Ninja	"Ninjutsu {2}{U}{B} ({2}{U}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Fallen Shinobi deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top two cards of their library. Until end of turn, you may play those cards without paying their mana costs."	U	U	Modern Horizons	199	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
The First Sliver	WUBRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Sliver	"Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)
Sliver spells you cast have cascade."	W	W	Modern Horizons	200	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
"Hogaak, Arisen Necropolis"	5B/GB/G	7	Legendary Creature ? Avatar	"You can't spend mana to cast this spell.
Convoke, delve (Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color. Each card you exile from your graveyard pays for {1}.)
You may cast Hogaak, Arisen Necropolis from your graveyard.
Trample"	G	G	Modern Horizons	202	rare	Vincent Proce		
Ice-Fang Coatl	GU	2	Snow Creature ? Snake	"Flash
Flying
When Ice-Fang Coatl enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Ice-Fang Coatl has deathtouch as long as you control at least three other snow permanents."	U	U	Modern Horizons	203	rare	Filip Burburan		
Ingenious Infiltrator	2UB	4	Creature ? Vedalken Ninja	"Ninjutsu {U}{B} ({U}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever a Ninja you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Modern Horizons	204	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
"Kess, Dissident Mage"	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flying
During each of your turns, you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead."	U	U	Modern Horizons	206	mythic	Izzy		
Munitions Expert	BR	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Flash
When Munitions Expert enters the battlefield, you may have it deal damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of Goblins you control."	R	R	Modern Horizons	209	uncommon	Jesper Ejsing		
Reap the Past	XRG	2	Sorcery	Return X cards at random from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Reap the Past.	R	R	Modern Horizons	211	rare	John Severin Brassell		
Rotwidow Pack	2BG	4	Creature ? Spider	"Reach
{3}{B}{G}, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach, then each opponent loses 1 life for each Spider you control."	G	G	Modern Horizons	212	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Ruination Rioter	RG	2	Creature ? Human Berserker	"When Ruination Rioter dies, you may have it deal damage to any target equal to the number of land cards in your graveyard."	R	R	Modern Horizons	213	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Thundering Djinn	3UR	5	Creature ? Djinn	"Flying
Whenever Thundering Djinn attacks, it deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards you've drawn this turn."	U	U	Modern Horizons	215	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Unsettled Mariner	WU	2	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Whenever you or a permanent you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays {1}."	W	W	Modern Horizons	216	rare	John Stanko		
Wrenn and Six	RG	2	Legendary Planeswalker ? Wrenn	"+1: Return up to one target land card from your graveyard to your hand.
?1: Wrenn and Six deals 1 damage to any target.
?7: You get an emblem with ""Instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard have retrace."" (You may cast instant and sorcery cards from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying their other costs.)"	R	R	Modern Horizons	217	mythic	Chase Stone		
Icehide Golem	S	1	Snow Artifact Creature ? Golem	({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)			Modern Horizons	224	uncommon	Paul Scott Canavan		
Lesser Masticore	2	2	Artifact Creature ? Masticore	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
{4}: Lesser Masticore deals 1 damage to target creature.
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)"			Modern Horizons	225	uncommon	Wisnu Tan		
Mox Tantalite		0	Artifact	"Suspend 3?{0} (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay {0} and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)
{T}: Add one mana of any color."			Modern Horizons	226	mythic	Ryan Pancoast		
Talisman of Conviction	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {R} or {W}. Talisman of Conviction deals 1 damage to you."		W	Modern Horizons	230	uncommon	Lindsey Look		
Talisman of Creativity	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {U} or {R}. Talisman of Creativity deals 1 damage to you."		U	Modern Horizons	231	uncommon	Lindsey Look		
Talisman of Curiosity	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {G} or {U}. Talisman of Curiosity deals 1 damage to you."		U	Modern Horizons	232	uncommon	Lindsey Look		
Talisman of Hierarchy	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {W} or {B}. Talisman of Hierarchy deals 1 damage to you."		W	Modern Horizons	233	uncommon	Lindsey Look		
Talisman of Resilience	2	2	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Add {B} or {G}. Talisman of Resilience deals 1 damage to you."		G	Modern Horizons	234	uncommon	Lindsey Look		
Fiery Islet		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {U} or {R}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Fiery Islet: Draw a card."		U	Modern Horizons	238	rare	Richard Wright		
Frostwalk Bastion		0	Snow Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{S}: Until end of turn, Frostwalk Bastion becomes a 2/3 Construct artifact creature. It's still a land. ({S} can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.)
Whenever Frostwalk Bastion deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step."			Modern Horizons	240	uncommon	Jedd Chevrier		
Hall of Heliod's Generosity		0	Legendary Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}{W}, {T}: Put target enchantment card from your graveyard on top of your library."		W	Modern Horizons	241	rare	Daniel Ljunggren		
Nurturing Peatland		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {B} or {G}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Nurturing Peatland: Draw a card."		G	Modern Horizons	243	rare	Noah Bradley		
Prismatic Vista		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Prismatic Vista: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."			Modern Horizons	244	rare	Sam Burley		
Silent Clearing		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {W} or {B}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Silent Clearing: Draw a card."		W	Modern Horizons	246	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Sunbaked Canyon		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {R} or {W}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Sunbaked Canyon: Draw a card."		W	Modern Horizons	247	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Waterlogged Grove		0	Land	"{T}, Pay 1 life: Add {G} or {U}.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice Waterlogged Grove: Draw a card."		U	Modern Horizons	249	rare	John Avon		
Will Kenrith	4UU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Will	"+2: Until your next turn, up to two target creatures each have base power and toughness 0/3 and lose all abilities.
-2: Target player draws two cards. Until your next turn, instant, sorcery, and planeswalker spells that player casts cost {2} less to cast.
-8: Target player gets an emblem with ""Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.""
Partner with Rowan Kenrith
Will Kenrith can be your commander."	U	U	Battlebond	1	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
Rowan Kenrith	4RR	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Rowan	"+2: During target player's next turn, each creature that player controls attacks if able.
-2: Rowan Kenrith deals 3 damage to each tapped creature target player controls.
-8: Target player gets an emblem with ""Whenever you activate an ability that isn't a mana ability, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.""
Partner with Will Kenrith
Rowan Kenrith can be your commander."	R	R	Battlebond	2	mythic	Anna Steinbauer		
"Regna, the Redeemer"	5W	6	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Partner with Krav, the Unredeemed (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Krav into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Flying
At the beginning of each end step, if your team gained life this turn, create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens."	W	W	Battlebond	3	rare	Randy Vargas		
"Krav, the Unredeemed"	4B	5	Legendary Creature ? Demon	"Partner with Regna, the Redeemer (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Regna into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
{B}, Sacrifice X creatures: Target player draws X cards and gains X life. Put X +1/+1 counters on Krav, the Unredeemed."	B	B	Battlebond	4	rare	Randy Vargas		
"Zndrsplt, Eye of Wisdom"	4U	5	Legendary Creature ? Homunculus	"Partner with Okaun, Eye of Chaos (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Okaun into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, flip a coin until you lose a flip.
Whenever a player wins a coin flip, draw a card."	U	U	Battlebond	5	rare	Yongjae Choi		
"Okaun, Eye of Chaos"	4R	5	Legendary Creature ? Cyclops Berserker	"Partner with Zndrsplt, Eye of Wisdom (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Zndrsplt into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, flip a coin until you lose a flip.
Whenever a player wins a coin flip, double Okaun's power and toughness until end of turn."	R	R	Battlebond	6	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Virtus the Veiled	2B	3	Legendary Creature ? Azra Assassin	"Partner with Gorm the Great (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Gorm into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Deathtouch
Whenever Virtus the Veiled deals combat damage to a player, that player loses half their life, rounded up."	B	B	Battlebond	7	rare	Johann Bodin		
Gorm the Great	3G	4	Legendary Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Partner with Virtus the Veiled (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Virtus into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Vigilance
Gorm the Great must be blocked if able, and Gorm must be blocked by two or more creatures if able."	G	G	Battlebond	8	rare	Johann Bodin		
Khorvath Brightflame	5R	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon	"Partner with Sylvia Brightspear (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Sylvia into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Flying, haste
Knights your team controls have flying and haste."	R	R	Battlebond	9	rare	Carmen Sinek		
Sylvia Brightspear	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Partner with Khorvath Brightflame (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Khorvath into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Double strike
Dragons your team controls have double strike."	W	W	Battlebond	10	rare	Carmen Sinek		
"Pir, Imaginative Rascal"	2G	3	Legendary Creature ? Human	"Partner with Toothy, Imaginary Friend (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Toothy into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
If one or more counters would be put on a permanent your team controls, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead."	G	G	Battlebond	11	rare	Zoltan Boros		
"Toothy, Imaginary Friend"	3U	4	Legendary Creature ? Illusion	"Partner with Pir, Imaginative Rascal (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Pir into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Toothy, Imaginary Friend.
When Toothy leaves the battlefield, draw a card for each +1/+1 counter on it."	U	U	Battlebond	12	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Blaring Recruiter	3W	4	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Partner with Blaring Captain (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Blaring Captain into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
{2}{W}: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token."	W	W	Battlebond	13	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Blaring Captain	3B	4	Creature ? Azra Warrior	"Partner with Blaring Recruiter (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Blaring Recruiter into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Whenever Blaring Captain attacks, attacking Warriors get +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Battlebond	14	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Chakram Retriever	4U	5	Creature ? Elemental Hound	"Partner with Chakram Slinger (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Chakram Slinger into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Whenever you cast a spell during your turn, untap target creature."	U	U	Battlebond	15	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Chakram Slinger	4R	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Partner with Chakram Retriever (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Chakram Retriever into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
{R}, {T}: Chakram Slinger deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker."	R	R	Battlebond	16	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Soulblade Corrupter	4B	5	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Partner with Soulblade Renewer (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Soulblade Renewer into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Deathtouch
Whenever a creature with a +1/+1 counter on it attacks one of your opponents, that creature gains deathtouch until end of turn."	B	B	Battlebond	17	uncommon	Suzanne Helmigh		
Soulblade Renewer	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Partner with Soulblade Corrupter (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Soulblade Corrupter into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
When Soulblade Renewer enters the battlefield, support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)"	G	G	Battlebond	18	uncommon	Suzanne Helmigh		
Impetuous Protege	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Partner with Proud Mentor (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Proud Mentor into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
Whenever Impetuous Protege attacks, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the greatest power among tapped creatures your opponents control."	R	R	Battlebond	19	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Proud Mentor	2W	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Partner with Impetuous Protege (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Impetuous Protege into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
{W}, {T}: Tap target creature."	W	W	Battlebond	20	uncommon	Jakub Kasper		
Ley Weaver	3G	4	Creature ? Human Druid	"Partner with Lore Weaver (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Lore Weaver into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
{T}: Untap two target lands."	G	G	Battlebond	21	uncommon	Livia Prima		
Lore Weaver	3U	4	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Partner with Ley Weaver (When this creature enters the battlefield, target player may put Ley Weaver into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
{5}{U}{U}: Target player draws two cards."	U	U	Battlebond	22	uncommon	Livia Prima		
Arena Rector	3W	4	Creature ? Human Cleric	"When Arena Rector dies, you may exile it. If you do, search your library for a planeswalker card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Battlebond	23	mythic	Ryan Pancoast		
Aurora Champion	2W	3	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever Aurora Champion attacks, if your team controls another Warrior, tap target creature."	W	W	Battlebond	24	common	Uriah Voth		
Brightling	1WW	3	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"{W}: Brightling gains vigilance until end of turn.
{W}: Brightling gains lifelink until end of turn.
{W}: Return Brightling to its owner's hand.
{1}: Brightling gets +1/-1 or -1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Battlebond	25	mythic	Steve Argyle		
Bring Down	3W	4	Sorcery	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {3} of this spell's cost.)
Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater."	W	W	Battlebond	26	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Dwarven Lightsmith	5W	6	Creature ? Dwarf Cleric	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {5} of this spell's cost.)
When Dwarven Lightsmith enters the battlefield, creatures your team controls get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Battlebond	27	common	Craig J Spearing		
Jubilant Mascot	2W	3	Creature ? Homunculus	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay {3}{W}. If you do, support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)"	W	W	Battlebond	28	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Play of the Game	6WW	8	Sorcery	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {6} of this spell's cost.)
Exile all nonland permanents."	W	W	Battlebond	29	rare	Jung Park		
Regna's Sanction	3W	4	Sorcery	"For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend puts a +1/+1 counter on each creature they control. Each foe chooses one untapped creature they control, then taps the rest."	W	W	Battlebond	30	rare	Bayard Wu		
Skystreamer	4W	5	Creature ? Griffin	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {4} of this spell's cost.)
Flying
When Skystreamer enters the battlefield, target player gains 4 life."	W	W	Battlebond	31	common	Dan Scott		
Together Forever	WW	2	Enchantment	"When Together Forever enters the battlefield, support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)
{1}: Choose target creature with a counter on it. When that creature dies this turn, return that card to its owner's hand."	W	W	Battlebond	32	rare	Aaron Miller		
Arcane Artisan	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}: Target player draws a card, then exiles a card from their hand. If a creature card is exiled this way, that player creates a token that's a copy of that card.
When Arcane Artisan leaves the battlefield, exile all tokens created with it at the beginning of the next end step."	U	U	Battlebond	33	mythic	Tommy Arnold		
Fumble	1U	2	Instant	"Return target creature to its owner's hand. Gain control of all Auras and Equipment that were attached to it, then attach them to another creature."	U	U	Battlebond	34	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Game Plan	5U	6	Sorcery	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {5} of this spell's cost.)
Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. Exile Game Plan."	U	U	Battlebond	35	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Huddle Up	2U	3	Sorcery	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {2} of this spell's cost.)
Two target players each draw a card."	U	U	Battlebond	36	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Nimbus Champion	5U	6	Creature ? Avatar Warrior	"Flying
Whenever Nimbus Champion attacks, you may return target creature to its owner's hand if that creature's power is less than or equal to the number of Warriors your team controls."	U	U	Battlebond	37	uncommon	Anastasia Ovchinnikova		
Out of Bounds	3U	4	Instant	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {3} of this spell's cost.)
Counter target spell."	U	U	Battlebond	38	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Saltwater Stalwart	3U	4	Creature ? Merfolk Warrior	"Whenever Saltwater Stalwart deals damage to an opponent, target player draws a card."	U	U	Battlebond	39	common	Sam Burley		
Soaring Show-Off	2U	3	Creature ? Bird Warrior	"Flying
When Soaring Show-Off enters the battlefield, each player draws a card."	U	U	Battlebond	40	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Spellseeker	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Spellseeker enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an instant or sorcery card with converted mana cost 2 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	U	U	Battlebond	41	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Spellweaver Duo	6U	7	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {6} of this spell's cost.)
When Spellweaver Duo enters the battlefield, you may return target tapped creature to its owner's hand."	U	U	Battlebond	42	common	Steve Argyle		
Zndrsplt's Judgment	4U	5	Sorcery	"For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend creates a token that's a copy of a creature they control. Each foe returns a creature they control to its owner's hand."	U	U	Battlebond	43	rare	Bayard Wu		
Archfiend of Despair	6BB	8	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Your opponents can't gain life.
At the beginning of each end step, each opponent loses life equal to the life that player lost this turn. (Damage causes loss of life.)"	B	B	Battlebond	44	mythic	Josh Hass		
Bloodborn Scoundrels	5B	6	Creature ? Vampire Rogue	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {5} of this spell's cost.)
When Bloodborn Scoundrels enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	B	B	Battlebond	45	common	Mathias Kollros		
Fan Favorite	3B	4	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {3} of this spell's cost.)
{2}: Fan Favorite gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability."	B	B	Battlebond	46	common	Suzanne Helmigh		
Gang Up	XB	1	Instant	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {X} of this spell's cost. You choose the value of X.)
Destroy target creature with power X or less."	B	B	Battlebond	47	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Inner Demon	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has flying, and is a Demon in addition to its other types.
When Inner Demon enters the battlefield, all non-Demon creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn."	B	B	Battlebond	48	uncommon	Mark Behm		
Mindblade Render	1B	2	Creature ? Azra Warrior	"Whenever your opponents are dealt combat damage, if any of that damage was dealt by a Warrior, you draw a card and you lose 1 life."	B	B	Battlebond	49	rare	Mitchell Malloy		
Sickle Dancer	2B	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever Sickle Dancer attacks, if your team controls another Warrior, Sickle Dancer gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	B	B	Battlebond	50	common	Steve Argyle		
Stunning Reversal	3B	4	Instant	"The next time you would lose the game this turn, instead draw seven cards and your life total becomes 1.
Exile Stunning Reversal."	B	B	Battlebond	51	mythic	Zoltan Boros		
Thrasher Brute	3B	4	Creature ? Orc Warrior	"Whenever Thrasher Brute or another Warrior enters the battlefield under your team's control, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Battlebond	52	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Thrilling Encore	4B	5	Instant	Put onto the battlefield under your control all creature cards in all graveyards that were put there from the battlefield this turn.	B	B	Battlebond	53	rare	Alex Konstad		
Virtus's Maneuver	2B	3	Sorcery	"For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend returns a creature card from their graveyard to their hand. Each foe sacrifices a creature they control."	B	B	Battlebond	54	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Azra Bladeseeker	2R	3	Creature ? Azra Warrior	"When Azra Bladeseeker enters the battlefield, each player on your team may discard a card, then each player who discarded a card this way draws a card."	R	R	Battlebond	55	common	Joe Slucher		
Bonus Round	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, whenever a player casts an instant or sorcery spell, that player copies it and may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Battlebond	56	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Bull-Rush Bruiser	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Warrior	"Whenever Bull-Rush Bruiser attacks, if your team controls another Warrior, Bull-Rush Bruiser gains first strike until end of turn."	R	R	Battlebond	57	common	Sam Rowan		
Cheering Fanatic	1R	2	Creature ? Goblin	"Whenever Cheering Fanatic attacks, choose a card name. Spells with the chosen name cost {1} less to cast this turn."	R	R	Battlebond	58	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Khorvath's Fury	4R	5	Sorcery	"For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend discards all cards from their hand, then draws that many cards plus one. Khorvath's Fury deals damage to each foe equal to the number of cards in their hand."	R	R	Battlebond	59	rare	Mark Behm		
Lava-Field Overlord	7RR	9	Creature ? Dragon	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {7} of this spell's cost.)
Flying
When Lava-Field Overlord enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target creature an opponent controls."	R	R	Battlebond	60	uncommon	Todd Lockwood		
Magma Hellion	6R	7	Creature ? Hellion	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {6} of this spell's cost.)
Trample, haste"	R	R	Battlebond	61	common	Jason Felix		
"Najeela, the Blade-Blossom"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Whenever a Warrior attacks, you may have its controller create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token that's tapped and attacking.
{W}{U}{B}{R}{G}: Untap all attacking creatures. They gain trample, lifelink, and haste until end of turn. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase. Activate this ability only during combat."	R	W	Battlebond	62	mythic	Matt Stewart		
Stadium Vendors	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin	"When Stadium Vendors enters the battlefield, choose a player. That player adds two mana of any one color they choose."	R	R	Battlebond	63	common	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Stolen Strategy	4R	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of each opponent's library. Until end of turn, you may cast nonland cards from among those exiled cards, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast those spells."	R	R	Battlebond	64	rare	Dmitry Burmak		
Bramble Sovereign	2GG	4	Creature ? Dryad	"Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield, you may pay {1}{G}. If you do, that creature's controller creates a token that's a copy of that creature."	G	G	Battlebond	65	mythic	Lucas Graciano		
Charging Binox	7G	8	Creature ? Beast	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {7} of this spell's cost.)
Trample"	G	G	Battlebond	66	common	Jason Felix		
Combo Attack	2G	3	Sorcery	Two target creatures your team controls each deal damage equal to their power to target creature.	G	G	Battlebond	67	common	Sara Winters		
The Crowd Goes Wild	XG	1	Sorcery	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {X} of this spell's cost. You choose the value of X.)
Support X. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to X target creatures.)
Each creature with a +1/+1 counter on it gains trample until end of turn."	G	G	Battlebond	68	uncommon	Mike Burns		
Decorated Champion	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever another Warrior enters the battlefield under your team's control, put a +1/+1 counter on Decorated Champion."	G	G	Battlebond	69	uncommon	Naomi Baker		
Generous Patron	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Advisor	"When Generous Patron enters the battlefield, support 2. (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures.)
Whenever you put one or more counters on a creature you don't control, draw a card."	G	G	Battlebond	70	rare	Lucas Graciano		
"Grothama, All-Devouring"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Wurm	"Other creatures have ""Whenever this creature attacks, you may have it fight Grothama, All-Devouring.""
When Grothama leaves the battlefield, each player draws cards equal to the amount of damage dealt to Grothama this turn by sources they controlled."	G	G	Battlebond	71	mythic	Mark Behm		
Jungle Wayfinder	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Warrior	"When Jungle Wayfinder enters the battlefield, each player may search their library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into their hand, then shuffle their library."	G	G	Battlebond	72	common	Chris Seaman		
Pir's Whim	3G	4	Sorcery	"For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend searches their library for a land card, puts it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffles their library. Each foe sacrifices an artifact or enchantment they control."	G	G	Battlebond	73	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Archon of Valor's Reach	4GW	6	Creature ? Archon	"Flying, vigilance, trample
As Archon of Valor's Reach enters the battlefield, choose artifact, enchantment, instant, sorcery, or planeswalker.
Players can't cast spells of the chosen type."	W	W	Battlebond	74	rare	Gabor Szikszai		
Azra Oddsmaker	1BR	3	Creature ? Azra Warrior	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may discard a card. If you do, choose a creature. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player this turn, you draw two cards."	R	R	Battlebond	75	uncommon	Josh Hass		
Last One Standing	1BR	3	Sorcery	"Choose a creature at random, then destroy the rest."	R	R	Battlebond	76	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Rushblade Commander	BR	2	Creature ? Azra Warrior	Warriors your team controls have haste.	R	R	Battlebond	77	uncommon	Gabor Szikszai		
Vampire Charmseeker	6UB	8	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Assist (Another player can pay up to {6} of this spell's cost.)
Flying
When Vampire Charmseeker enters the battlefield, return target instant, sorcery, or creature card from a graveyard to its owner's hand."	U	U	Battlebond	78	uncommon	Manuel Castan		
Sentinel Tower	4	4	Artifact	"Whenever an instant or sorcery spell is cast during your turn, Sentinel Tower deals damage to any target equal to 1 plus the number of instant and sorcery spells cast before that spell this turn."			Battlebond	79	rare	Jung Park		
Victory Chimes	3	3	Artifact	"Untap Victory Chimes during each other player's untap step.
{T}: A player of your choice adds {C}."			Battlebond	80	rare	Uriah Voth		
Bountiful Promenade		0	Land	"Bountiful Promenade enters the battlefield tapped unless you have two or more opponents.
{T}: Add {G} or {W}."		W	Battlebond	81	rare	Jung Park		
Luxury Suite		0	Land	"Luxury Suite enters the battlefield tapped unless you have two or more opponents.
{T}: Add {B} or {R}."		R	Battlebond	82	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Morphic Pool		0	Land	"Morphic Pool enters the battlefield tapped unless you have two or more opponents.
{T}: Add {U} or {B}."		U	Battlebond	83	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Sea of Clouds		0	Land	"Sea of Clouds enters the battlefield tapped unless you have two or more opponents.
{T}: Add {W} or {U}."		W	Battlebond	84	rare	Florian de Gesincourt		
Spire Garden		0	Land	"Spire Garden enters the battlefield tapped unless you have two or more opponents.
{T}: Add {R} or {G}."		R	Battlebond	85	rare	Darek Zabrocki		
Oreskos Explorer	1W	2	Creature ? Cat Scout	"When Oreskos Explorer enters the battlefield, search your library for up to X Plains cards, where X is the number of players who control more lands than you. Reveal those cards, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Battlebond	100	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Mystic Confluence	3UU	5	Instant	"Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
? Counter target spell unless its controller pays {3}.
? Return target creature to its owner's hand.
? Draw a card."	U	U	Battlebond	122	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Palace Sentinels	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Palace Sentinels enters the battlefield, you become the monarch."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	19	common	Aaron Miller		
Throne Warden	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"At the beginning of your end step, if you're the monarch, put a +1/+1 counter on Throne Warden."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	25	common	Chris Rallis		
Skittering Crustacean	2U	3	Creature ? Crab	"{6}{U}: Monstrosity 4. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put four +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Skittering Crustacean is monstrous, it has hexproof. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)"	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	36	common	Jason Felix		
Garrulous Sycophant	2B	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"At the beginning of your end step, if you're the monarch, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	43	common	Lake Hurwitz		
Sinuous Vermin	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Horror	"{3}{B}{B}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Sinuous Vermin is monstrous, it has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)"	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	46	common	Jason Kang		
Thorn of the Black Rose	3B	4	Creature ? Human Assassin	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
When Thorn of the Black Rose enters the battlefield, you become the monarch."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	48	common	David Gaillet		
Borderland Explorer	1G	2	Creature ? Elf Scout	"When Borderland Explorer enters the battlefield, each player may discard a card. Each player who discarded a card this way may search their library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into their hand, then shuffle their library."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	61	common	Lucas Graciano		
Entourage of Trest	4G	5	Creature ? Elf Soldier	"When Entourage of Trest enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Entourage of Trest can block an additional creature each combat as long as you're the monarch."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	64	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Colorful Feiyi Sparrow	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	W	W	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	2	common	Kee Lo		
Purple-Crystal Crab	1U	2	Creature ? Crab	"When Purple-Crystal Crab dies, draw a card."	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	3	common	Tan Yan Yao		
Vivid Flying Fish	1U	2	Creature ? Fish Lizard	Vivid Flying Fish has flying as long as it's attacking. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	4	common	Tingting Yeh		
Heavenly Qilin	2W	3	Creature ? Kirin	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever Heavenly Qilin attacks, another target creature you control gains flying until end of turn."	W	W	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	6	common	Xin-Yu Liu		
Armored Whirl Turtle	2U	3	Creature ? Turtle		U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	7	common	Tingting Yeh		
Nine-Tail White Fox	2U	3	Creature ? Fox Spirit	"Whenever Nine-Tail White Fox deals combat damage to a player, draw a card."	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	8	common	???		
Earth-Origin Yak	3W	4	Creature ? Ox	"When Earth-Origin Yak enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	9	common	Tan Yan Yao		
Qilin's Blessing	W	1	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	W	W	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	14	common	Wolk Sheep		
Drown in Shapelessness	1U	2	Instant	Return target creature to its owner's hand.	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	15	common	Pon Lee		
Dragon's Presence	2W	3	Instant	Dragon's Presence deals 5 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.	W	W	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	16	common	Tan Yan Yao		
Leopard-Spotted Jiao	1R	2	Creature ? Beast		R	R	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	23	common	Shinchuen Chen		
Feiyi Snake	1G	2	Creature ? Snake	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	24	common	Qiu De En		
Reckless Pangolin	2G	3	Creature ? Pangolin	"Whenever Reckless Pangolin attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn."	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	26	common	Wolk Sheep		
Ferocious Zheng	2GG	4	Creature ? Cat Beast		G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	28	common	Yutaka Li		
Earthshaking Si	5G	6	Creature ? Beast	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	31	common	Shinchuen Chen		
Hardened-Scale Armor	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3."	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	32	common	Tan Yan Yao		
Breath of Fire	1R	2	Instant	Breath of Fire deals 2 damage to target creature.	R	R	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	33	common	Xin-Yu Liu		
Aggressive Instinct	1G	2	Sorcery	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	34	common	Wolk Sheep		
Confidence from Strength	2G	3	Sorcery	Target creature gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to defending player or planeswalker while attacking.)	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	35	common	Shinchuen Chen		
Cleansing Screech	4R	5	Sorcery	Cleansing Screech deals 4 damage to any target.	R	R	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	37	common	Tingting Yeh		
Ballot Broker	2W	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"While voting, you may vote an additional time. (The votes can be for different choices or for the same choice.)"	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	13	common	Magali Villeneuve		
Custodi Peacekeeper	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Reveal Custodi Peacekeeper as you draft it and note how many cards you've drafted this draft round, including Custodi Peacekeeper.
{W}, {T}: Tap target creature with power less than or equal to the highest number you noted for cards named Custodi Peacekeeper."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	14	common	Anthony Palumbo		
Custodi Soulcaller	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)
Whenever Custodi Soulcaller attacks, return target creature card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of players you attacked with a creature this combat."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	15	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Lieutenants of the Guard	4W	5	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Council's dilemma ? When Lieutenants of the Guard enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player votes for strength or numbers. Put a +1/+1 counter on Lieutenants of the Guard for each strength vote and create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token for each numbers vote."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	16	common	Johannes Voss		
Noble Banneret	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Draft Noble Banneret face up.
As you draft a creature card, you may reveal it, note its name, then turn Noble Banneret face down.
As long as you control one or more creatures with a name you noted for cards named Noble Banneret, Noble Banneret and those creatures get +1/+1 and have lifelink."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	17	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Palace Jailer	2WW	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Palace Jailer enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
When Palace Jailer enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until an opponent becomes the monarch. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)"	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	18	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Paliano Vanguard	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Draft Paliano Vanguard face up.
As you draft a creature card, you may reveal it, note its creature types, then turn Paliano Vanguard face down.
Other creatures you control of a type you noted for cards named Paliano Vanguard get +1/+1."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	20	rare	Chris Rallis		
Protector of the Crown	5W	6	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"When Protector of the Crown enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
All damage that would be dealt to you is dealt to Protector of the Crown instead."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	21	rare	Johannes Voss		
Recruiter of the Guard	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"When Recruiter of the Guard enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a creature card with toughness 2 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	22	rare	Jason Rainville		
Sanctum Prelate	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"As Sanctum Prelate enters the battlefield, choose a number.
Noncreature spells with converted mana cost equal to the chosen number can't be cast."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	23	mythic	Winona Nelson		
Spectral Grasp	1W	2	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can't attack you or a planeswalker you control.
Enchanted creature can't block creatures you control."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	24	uncommon	Tyler Jacobson		
Wings of the Guard	1W	2	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)"	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	26	common	Lars Grant-West		
Arcane Savant	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Before you shuffle your deck to start the game, you may reveal this card from your deck and exile an instant or sorcery card you drafted that isn't in your deck.
When Arcane Savant enters the battlefield, copy a card you exiled with cards named Arcane Savant. You may cast the copy without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	27	rare	Chris Rallis		
Canal Courier	5U	6	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Canal Courier enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Whenever Canal Courier and another creature attack different players, Canal Courier can't be blocked this combat."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	28	common	Raymond Swanland		
Coveted Peacock	3UU	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Whenever Coveted Peacock attacks, you may goad target creature defending player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)"	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	29	uncommon	Christopher Burdett		
Expropriate	7UU	9	Sorcery	"Council's dilemma ? Starting with you, each player votes for time or money. For each time vote, take an extra turn after this one. For each money vote, choose a permanent owned by the voter and gain control of it. Exile Expropriate."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	30	mythic	Zack Stella		
Illusion of Choice	U	1	Instant	"You choose how each player votes this turn.
Draw a card."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	31	uncommon	John Severin Brassell		
Illusionary Informant	1U	2	Creature ? Bird Illusion	"Draft Illusionary Informant face up.
During the draft, you may turn Illusionary Informant face down. If you do, look at the next card drafted by a player of your choice.
Flying"	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	32	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Jeering Homunculus	1U	2	Creature ? Homunculus	"When Jeering Homunculus enters the battlefield, you may goad target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)"	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	33	common	Steve Prescott		
Keeper of Keys	3UU	5	Creature ? Human Rogue Mutant	"When Keeper of Keys enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you're the monarch, creatures you control can't be blocked this turn."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	34	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Messenger Jays	4U	5	Creature ? Bird	"Flying
Council's dilemma ? When Messenger Jays enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player votes for feather or quill. Put a +1/+1 counter on Messenger Jays for each feather vote and draw a card for each quill vote. For each card drawn this way, discard a card."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	35	common	Lars Grant-West		
Spire Phantasm	2UU	4	Creature ? Gargoyle Illusion	"Reveal Spire Phantasm as you draft it. The next time a player drafts a card from this booster pack, guess that card's name. Then that player reveals the drafted card.
Flying
When Spire Phantasm enters the battlefield, if you guessed correctly for a card named Spire Phantasm, draw a card."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	37	uncommon	Evan Shipard		
Stunt Double	3U	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"Flash
You may have Stunt Double enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield."	U	U	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	38	rare	Joseph Meehan		
Archdemon of Paliano	2BB	4	Creature ? Demon	"Draft Archdemon of Paliano face up.
As long as Archdemon of Paliano is face up during the draft, you can't look at booster packs and must draft cards at random. After you draft three cards this way, turn Archdemon of Paliano face down. (You may look at cards as you draft them.)
Flying"	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	39	rare	Evan Shipard		
Capital Punishment	4BB	6	Sorcery	"Council's dilemma ? Starting with you, each player votes for death or taxes. Each opponent sacrifices a creature for each death vote and discards a card for each taxes vote."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	40	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Custodi Lich	3BB	5	Creature ? Zombie Cleric	"When Custodi Lich enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Whenever you become the monarch, target player sacrifices a creature."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	41	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Deadly Designs	1B	2	Enchantment	"{2}: Put a plot counter on Deadly Designs. Any player may activate this ability.
When there are five or more plot counters on Deadly Designs, sacrifice it. If you do, destroy up to two target creatures."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	42	uncommon	Jama Jurabaev		
Marchesa's Decree	3B	4	Enchantment	"When Marchesa's Decree enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, that creature's controller loses 1 life."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	44	uncommon	Chris Rallis		
Regicide	B	1	Instant	"Reveal Regicide as you draft it. The player to your right chooses a color, you choose another color, then the player to your left chooses a third color.
Destroy target creature that's one or more of the colors chosen as you drafted cards named Regicide."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	45	common	Chris Rallis		
Smuggler Captain	3B	4	Creature ? Human Pirate	"Draft Smuggler Captain face up.
As you draft a card, you may reveal it, note its name, then turn Smuggler Captain face down.
When Smuggler Captain enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card with a name you noted for cards named Smuggler Captain, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library."	B	B	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	47	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Besmirch	1RR	3	Sorcery	"Until end of turn, gain control of target creature and it gains haste. Untap and goad that creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)"	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	49	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Crown-Hunter Hireling	4R	5	Creature ? Ogre Mercenary	"When Crown-Hunter Hireling enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Crown-Hunter Hireling can't attack unless defending player is the monarch."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	50	common	Izzy		
Deputized Protester	2R	3	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)"	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	51	common	Lius Lasahido		
Garbage Fire	2R	3	Instant	"Reveal Garbage Fire as you draft it and note how many cards you've drafted this draft round, including Garbage Fire.
Garbage Fire deals damage to target creature equal to the highest number you noted for cards named Garbage Fire."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	52	common	Steve Prescott		
Goblin Racketeer	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Whenever Goblin Racketeer attacks, you may goad target creature defending player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)"	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	53	common	Zoltan Boros		
"Grenzo, Havoc Raiser"	RR	2	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, choose one ?
? Goad target creature that player controls.
? Exile the top card of that player's library. Until end of turn, you may cast that card and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	54	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Grenzo's Ruffians	2RR	4	Creature ? Goblin	"Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)
Whenever Grenzo's Ruffians deals combat damage to an opponent, it deals that much damage to each other opponent."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	55	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Pyretic Hunter	4R	5	Creature ? Elemental Cat	"Reveal Pyretic Hunter as you draft it and note how many cards you've drafted this draft round, including Pyretic Hunter.
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Pyretic Hunter enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the highest number you noted for cards named Pyretic Hunter."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	56	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Skyline Despot	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
When Skyline Despot enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you're the monarch, create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	57	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Subterranean Tremors	XR	1	Sorcery	"Subterranean Tremors deals X damage to each creature without flying. If X is 4 or more, destroy all artifacts. If X is 8 or more, create an 8/8 red Lizard creature token."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	58	mythic	Filip Burburan		
Volatile Chimera	2R	3	Creature ? Elemental Chimera	"Before you shuffle your deck to start the game, you may reveal this card from your deck and exile three or more creature cards you drafted that aren't in your deck.
{1}{R}: Choose a card at random you exiled with cards named Volatile Chimera. Volatile Chimera becomes a copy of that card, except it has this ability."	R	R	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	59	rare	Mathias Kollros		
Animus of Predation	4G	5	Creature ? Avatar	"Draft Animus of Predation face up.
As you draft a card, you may remove it from the draft face up. (It isn't in your card pool.)
If you removed a creature card with flying from the draft with cards named Animus of Predation, Animus of Predation has flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, and vigilance."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	60	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Caller of the Untamed	3G	4	Creature ? Elf Shaman	"Before you shuffle your deck to start the game, you may reveal this card from your deck and exile a creature card you drafted that isn't in your deck.
{X}, {T}: Create a token that's a copy of a card you exiled with cards named Caller of the Untamed. X is the converted mana cost of that card."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	62	rare	Iain McCaig		
Domesticated Hydra	2GG	4	Creature ? Hydra	"{X}{G}{G}{G}: Monstrosity X. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put X +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
As long as Domesticated Hydra is monstrous, it has trample."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	63	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Fang of the Pack	5G	6	Creature ? Wolf	"Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, another target creature you control gains melee until end of turn. (If a creature has multiple instances of melee, each triggers separately.)"	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	65	uncommon	Izzy		
Leovold's Operative	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Rogue	"Draft Leovold's Operative face up.
As you draft a card, you may draft an additional card from that booster pack. If you do, turn Leovold's Operative face down, then pass the next booster pack without drafting a card from it. (You may look at that booster pack.)"	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	66	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Menagerie Liberator	3G	4	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Trample
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)"	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	67	common	Mike Bierek		
Orchard Elemental	5G	6	Creature ? Elemental	"Council's dilemma ? When Orchard Elemental enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player votes for sprout or harvest. Put two +1/+1 counters on Orchard Elemental for each sprout vote. You gain 3 life for each harvest vote."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	68	common	Christine Choi		
Regal Behemoth	4GG	6	Creature ? Dinosaur	"Trample
When Regal Behemoth enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Whenever you tap a land for mana while you're the monarch, add an additional one mana of any color."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	69	rare	Jakub Kasper		
"Selvala, Heart of the Wilds"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Scout	"Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, its controller may draw a card if its power is greater than each other creature's power.
{G}, {T}: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	70	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Selvala's Stampede	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Council's dilemma ? Starting with you, each player votes for wild or free. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card for each wild vote. Put those creature cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle the rest into your library. You may put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield for each free vote."	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	71	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Splitting Slime	3GG	5	Creature ? Ooze	"{4}{G}{G}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Splitting Slime becomes monstrous, create a token that's a copy of Splitting Slime. (The token has no counters and isn't monstrous.)"	G	G	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	72	rare	James Paick		
"Adriana, Captain of the Guard"	3RW	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked with a creature this combat.)
Other creatures you control have melee. (If a creature has multiple instances of melee, each triggers separately.)"	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	73	rare	Chris Rallis		
"Kaya, Ghost Assassin"	2WB	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Kaya	"0: Exile Kaya, Ghost Assassin or up to one target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of your next upkeep. You lose 2 life.
?1: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
?2: Each opponent discards a card and you draw a card."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	75	mythic	Chris Rallis		
Knights of the Black Rose	3WB	5	Creature ? Human Knight	"When Knights of the Black Rose enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
Whenever an opponent becomes the monarch, if you were the monarch as the turn began, that player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	76	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Queen Marchesa	1RWB	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Assassin	"Deathtouch, haste
When Queen Marchesa enters the battlefield, you become the monarch.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if an opponent is the monarch, create a 1/1 black Assassin creature token with deathtouch and haste."	W	W	Conspiracy: Take the Crown	78	mythic	Kieran Yanner		
Spy Kit	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has all names of nonlegendary creature cards in addition to its name.
Equip {2}"			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	79	uncommon	Aaron Miller		
Throne of the High City		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{4}, {T}, Sacrifice Throne of the High City: You become the monarch."			Conspiracy: Take the Crown	80	rare	Titus Lunter		
Containment Priest	1W	2	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Flash
If a nontoken creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn't cast, exile it instead."	W	W	Amonkhet Invocations	3	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
Overseer of the Damned	5BB	7	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
When Overseer of the Damned enters the battlefield, you may destroy target creature.
Whenever a nontoken creature an opponent controls dies, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Archenemy: Nicol Bolas	36	rare	rk post		
Dualcaster Mage	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash
When Dualcaster Mage enters the battlefield, copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Archenemy: Nicol Bolas	46	rare	Matt Stewart		
Shielded by Faith	1WW	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has indestructible.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Shielded by Faith to that creature."	W	W	Explorers of Ixalan	4	rare	David Palumbo		
Aether Gale	3UU	5	Sorcery	Return six target nonland permanents to their owners' hands.	U	U	Explorers of Ixalan	7	rare	Jack Wang		
Mu Yanling	4UU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Yanling	"+2: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.
?3: Draw two cards.
?10: Tap all creatures your opponents control. You take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	1	mythic	???		
Moon-Eating Dog	3U	4	Creature ? Hound	"As long as you control a Yanling planeswalker, Moon-Eating Dog has flying. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)"	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	10	uncommon	Tingting Yeh		
Stormcloud Spirit	3UU	5	Creature ? Spirit	Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	11	uncommon	Kee Lo		
Ancestor Dragon	4WW	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever one or more creatures you control attack, you gain 1 life for each attacking creature."	W	W	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	12	rare	Shinchuen Chen		
Rhythmic Water Vortex	3UU	5	Sorcery	"Return up to two target creatures to their owner's hand.
Search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Mu Yanling, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle it."	U	U	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	18	rare	Xin-Yu Liu		
Jiang Yanggu	4G	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Yanggu	"+1: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
?1: If you don't control a creature named Mowu, create a legendary 3/3 green Hound creature token named Mowu.
?5: Until end of turn, target creature gains trample and gets +X/+X, where X is the number of lands you control."	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	22	mythic	Tingting Yeh		
Sacred White Deer	1G	2	Creature ? Elk	"{3}{G}, {T}: You gain 4 life. Activate this ability only if you control a Yanggu planeswalker."	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	25	uncommon	G-host Lee		
Fire-Omen Crane	3RR	5	Creature ? Bird Spirit	"Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)
Whenever Fire-Omen Crane attacks, it deals 1 damage to target creature an opponent controls."	R	R	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	29	uncommon	Tan Yan Yao		
Screeching Phoenix	4RR	6	Creature ? Phoenix	"Flying
{2}{R}: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	30	rare	Tingting Yeh		
Journey for the Elixir	2G	3	Sorcery	"Search your library and graveyard for a basic land card and a card named Jiang Yanggu, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Global Series Jiang Yanggu & Mu Yanling	36	rare	Qiu De En		
Militant Angel	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, lifelink
When Militant Angel enters the battlefield, create a number of 2/2 white Knight creature tokens with vigilance equal to the number of opponents you attacked this turn."	W	W	Game Night	1	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
Inspired Sphinx	5UU	7	Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Inspired Sphinx enters the battlefield, draw cards equal to the number of opponents you have.
{3}{U}: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying."	U	U	Game Night	2	mythic	Jesper Ejsing		
Rot Hulk	5BB	7	Creature ? Zombie	"Menace
When Rot Hulk enters the battlefield, return up to X target Zombie cards from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of opponents you have."	B	B	Game Night	3	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Goblin Goliath	4RR	6	Creature ? Goblin Mutant	"When Goblin Goliath enters the battlefield, create a number of 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens equal to the number of opponents you have.
{3}{R}, {T}: If a source you control would deal damage to an opponent this turn, it deals double that damage to that player instead."	R	R	Game Night	4	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Avatar of Growth	4GG	6	Creature ? Elemental Avatar	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each opponent you have.
Trample
When Avatar of Growth enters the battlefield, each player searches their library for up to two basic land cards, puts them onto the battlefield, then shuffles their library."	G	G	Game Night	5	mythic	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Ash Barrens		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
Basic landcycling {1} ({1}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"			Masters 25	236	uncommon	Jonas De Ro		
Myriad Landscape		0	Land	"Myriad Landscape enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}, Sacrifice Myriad Landscape: Search your library for up to two basic land cards that share a land type, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."			Masters 25	243	uncommon	Richard Wright		
Illusory Ambusher	4U	5	Creature ? Cat Illusion	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Whenever Illusory Ambusher is dealt damage, draw that many cards."	U	U	Iconic Masters	58	uncommon	Steve Argyle		
Sandstone Oracle	7	7	Artifact Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying
When Sandstone Oracle enters the battlefield, choose an opponent. If that player has more cards in hand than you, draw cards equal to the difference."			Iconic Masters	227	uncommon	Izzy		
Malicious Affliction	BB	2	Instant	"Morbid ? When you cast this spell, if a creature died this turn, you may copy Malicious Affliction and may choose a new target for the copy.
Destroy target nonblack creature."	B	B	Eternal Masters	96	rare	Erica Yang		
Reef Worm	3U	4	Creature ? Worm	"When Reef Worm dies, create a 3/3 blue Fish creature token with ""When this creature dies, create a 6/6 blue Whale creature token with 'When this creature dies, create a 9/9 blue Kraken creature token.'"""	U	U	Masters 25	70	rare	Dan Scott		
Izzet Chemister	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Wizard	"Haste
{R}, {T}: Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard.
{1}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Izzet Chemister: Cast any number of cards exiled with Izzet Chemister without paying their mana costs."	R	R	Masters 25	138	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Magus of the Wheel	2R	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{1}{R}, {T}, Sacrifice Magus of the Wheel: Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards."	R	R	Masters 25	142	rare	Carl Frank		
Flamekin Village		0	Land	"As Flamekin Village enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Elemental card from your hand. If you don't, Flamekin Village enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add {R}.
{R}, {T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn."		R	Commander Anthology Volume II	251	rare	Ron Spears		
Bastion Protector	2W	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	Commander creatures you control get +2/+2 and have indestructible.	W	W	Commander 2015	1	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Dawnbreak Reclaimer	4WW	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
At the beginning of your end step, choose a creature card in an opponent's graveyard, then that player chooses a creature card in your graveyard. You may return those cards to the battlefield under their owners' control."	W	W	Commander 2015	2	rare	Tyler Jacobson		
Grasp of Fate	1WW	3	Enchantment	"When Grasp of Fate enters the battlefield, for each opponent, exile up to one target nonland permanent that player controls until Grasp of Fate leaves the battlefield. (Those permanents return under their owners' control.)"	W	W	Commander 2015	3	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Herald of the Host	3WW	5	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, vigilance
Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that's a copy of this creature that's tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)"	W	W	Commander 2015	4	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Kalemne's Captain	3WW	5	Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Vigilance
{5}{W}{W}: Monstrosity 3. (If this creature isn't monstrous, put three +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
When Kalemne's Captain becomes monstrous, exile all artifacts and enchantments."	W	W	Commander 2015	5	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Righteous Confluence	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
? Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
? Exile target enchantment.
? You gain 5 life."	W	W	Commander 2015	7	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Aethersnatch	4UU	6	Instant	"Gain control of target spell. You may choose new targets for it. (If that spell becomes a permanent, it enters the battlefield under your control.)"	U	U	Commander 2015	9	rare	Aaron Miller		
Broodbirth Viper	4U	5	Creature ? Snake	"Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that's a copy of this creature that's tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)
Whenever Broodbirth Viper deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card."	U	U	Commander 2015	10	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Gigantoplasm	3U	4	Creature ? Shapeshifter	"You may have Gigantoplasm enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has ""{X}: This creature has base power and toughness X/X."""	U	U	Commander 2015	11	rare	Kev Walker		
Mirror Match	4UU	6	Instant	"Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step.
For each creature attacking you or a planeswalker you control, create a token that's a copy of that creature and that's blocking that creature. Exile those tokens at end of combat."	U	U	Commander 2015	13	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Synthetic Destiny	4UU	6	Instant	"Exile all creatures you control. At the beginning of the next end step, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal that many creature cards, put all creature cards revealed this way onto the battlefield, then shuffle the rest of the revealed cards into your library."	U	U	Commander 2015	15	rare	Dave Kendall		
Banshee of the Dread Choir	3BB	5	Creature ? Spirit	"Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that's a copy of this creature that's tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)
Whenever Banshee of the Dread Choir deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card."	B	B	Commander 2015	16	uncommon	Anthony Palumbo		
Corpse Augur	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Corpse Augur dies, you draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of creature cards in target player's graveyard."	B	B	Commander 2015	17	uncommon	Scott M. Fischer		
Daxos's Torment	3B	4	Enchantment	"Constellation ? Whenever Daxos's Torment or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Daxos's Torment becomes a 5/5 Demon creature with flying and haste in addition to its other types until end of turn."	B	B	Commander 2015	18	rare	Jakub Kasper		
Deadly Tempest	4BB	6	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures. Each player loses life equal to the number of creatures they controlled that were destroyed this way.	B	B	Commander 2015	19	rare	Cliff Childs		
Dread Summons	XBB	2	Sorcery	"Each player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard. For each creature card put into a graveyard this way, you create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	B	B	Commander 2015	20	rare	Izzy		
Scourge of Nel Toth	5BB	7	Creature ? Zombie Dragon	"Flying
You may cast Scourge of Nel Toth from your graveyard by paying {B}{B} and sacrificing two creatures rather than paying its mana cost."	B	B	Commander 2015	21	rare	Mark Winters		
Thief of Blood	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire	"Flying
As Thief of Blood enters the battlefield, remove all counters from all permanents. Thief of Blood enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each counter removed this way."	B	B	Commander 2015	22	uncommon	Cynthia Sheppard		
Wretched Confluence	3BB	5	Instant	"Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
? Target player draws a card and loses 1 life.
? Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
? Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand."	B	B	Commander 2015	23	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Awaken the Sky Tyrant	3R	4	Enchantment	"When a source an opponent controls deals damage to you, sacrifice Awaken the Sky Tyrant. If you do, create a 5/5 red Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Commander 2015	24	rare	Adam Paquette		
Dream Pillager	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever Dream Pillager deals combat damage to a player, exile that many cards from the top of your library. Until end of turn, you may cast nonland cards from among those exiled cards."	R	R	Commander 2015	25	rare	Min Yum		
Fiery Confluence	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
? Fiery Confluence deals 1 damage to each creature.
? Fiery Confluence deals 2 damage to each opponent.
? Destroy target artifact."	R	R	Commander 2015	26	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Meteor Blast	XRRR	3	Sorcery	Meteor Blast deals 4 damage to each of X targets.	R	R	Commander 2015	28	uncommon	Mike Sass		
Mizzix's Mastery	3R	4	Sorcery	"Exile target card that's an instant or sorcery from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, copy it, and you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost. Exile Mizzix's Mastery.
Overload {5}{R}{R}{R} (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of ""target"" with ""each."")"	R	R	Commander 2015	29	rare	Dan Scott		
Rite of the Raging Storm	3RR	5	Enchantment	"Creatures named Lightning Rager can't attack you or planeswalkers you control.
At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player creates a 5/1 red Elemental creature token named Lightning Rager. It has trample, haste, and ""At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this creature."""	R	R	Commander 2015	30	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Warchief Giant	3RR	5	Creature ? Giant Warrior	"Haste
Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that's a copy of this creature that's tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)"	R	R	Commander 2015	31	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Arachnogenesis	2G	3	Instant	"Create X 1/2 green Spider creature tokens with reach, where X is the number of creatures attacking you. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by non-Spider creatures."	G	G	Commander 2015	32	rare	Johannes Voss		
Bloodspore Thrinax	2GG	4	Creature ? Lizard	"Devour 1 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
Each other creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Bloodspore Thrinax."	G	G	Commander 2015	33	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Caller of the Pack	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that's a copy of this creature that's tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)"	G	G	Commander 2015	34	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
Centaur Vinecrasher	3G	4	Creature ? Plant Centaur	"Trample
Centaur Vinecrasher enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of land cards in all graveyards.
Whenever a land card is put into a graveyard from anywhere, you may pay {G}{G}. If you do, return Centaur Vinecrasher from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Commander 2015	35	rare	Robbie Trevino		
Ezuri's Predation	5GGG	8	Sorcery	"For each creature your opponents control, create a 4/4 green Beast creature token. Each of those Beasts fights a different one of those creatures."	G	G	Commander 2015	36	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Great Oak Guardian	5G	6	Creature ? Treefolk	"Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Reach
When Great Oak Guardian enters the battlefield, creatures target player controls get +2/+2 until end of turn. Untap them."	G	G	Commander 2015	37	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Pathbreaker Ibex	4GG	6	Creature ? Goat	"Whenever Pathbreaker Ibex attacks, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control."	G	G	Commander 2015	38	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Skullwinder	2G	3	Creature ? Snake	"Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)
When Skullwinder enters the battlefield, return target card from your graveyard to your hand, then choose an opponent. That player returns a card from their graveyard to their hand."	G	G	Commander 2015	39	uncommon	James Paick		
Verdant Confluence	4GG	6	Sorcery	"Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
? Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.
? Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
? Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Commander 2015	40	rare	Kieran Yanner		
"Anya, Merciless Angel"	3RW	5	Legendary Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Anya, Merciless Angel gets +3/+3 for each opponent whose life total is less than half their starting life total.
As long as an opponent's life total is less than half their starting life total, Anya has indestructible."	W	W	Commander 2015	41	mythic	Alisa Lee		
"Arjun, the Shifting Flame"	4UR	6	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx Wizard	"Flying
Whenever you cast a spell, put the cards in your hand on the bottom of your library in any order, then draw that many cards."	U	U	Commander 2015	42	mythic	Willian Murai		
Daxos the Returned	1WB	3	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Soldier	"Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you get an experience counter.
{1}{W}{B}: Create a white and black Spirit enchantment creature token. It has ""This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of experience counters you have."""	W	W	Commander 2015	43	mythic	Adam Paquette		
"Ezuri, Claw of Progress"	2GU	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Warrior	"Whenever a creature with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, you get an experience counter.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, put X +1/+1 counters on another target creature you control, where X is the number of experience counters you have."	U	U	Commander 2015	44	mythic	James Ryman		
"Kalemne, Disciple of Iroas"	2RW	4	Legendary Creature ? Giant Soldier	"Double strike, vigilance
Whenever you cast a creature spell with converted mana cost 5 or greater, you get an experience counter.
Kalemne, Disciple of Iroas gets +1/+1 for each experience counter you have."	W	W	Commander 2015	45	mythic	Jason Chan		
Karlov of the Ghost Council	WB	2	Legendary Creature ? Spirit Advisor	"Whenever you gain life, put two +1/+1 counters on Karlov of the Ghost Council.
{W}{B}, Remove six +1/+1 counters from Karlov of the Ghost Council: Exile target creature."	W	W	Commander 2015	46	mythic	Volkan Ba?a		
"Kaseto, Orochi Archmage"	1GU	3	Legendary Creature ? Snake Wizard	"{G}{U}: Target creature can't be blocked this turn. If that creature is a Snake, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn."	U	U	Commander 2015	47	mythic	Aaron Miller		
"Mazirek, Kraul Death Priest"	3BG	5	Legendary Creature ? Insect Shaman	"Flying
Whenever a player sacrifices another permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	G	G	Commander 2015	48	mythic	Mathias Kollros		
Meren of Clan Nel Toth	2BG	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman	"Whenever another creature you control dies, you get an experience counter.
At the beginning of your end step, choose target creature card in your graveyard. If that card's converted mana cost is less than or equal to the number of experience counters you have, return it to the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand."	G	G	Commander 2015	49	mythic	Mark Winters		
Mizzix of the Izmagnus	2UR	4	Legendary Creature ? Goblin Wizard	"Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell with converted mana cost greater than the number of experience counters you have, you get an experience counter.
Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost {1} less to cast for each experience counter you have."	U	U	Commander 2015	50	mythic	Cliff Childs		
Blade of Selves	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature has myriad. (Whenever it attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that's a copy of that creature that's tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)
Equip {4}"			Commander 2015	51	rare	Alan Pollack		
Scytheclaw	5	5	Artifact ? Equipment	"Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, that player loses half their life, rounded up.
Equip {3}"			Commander 2015	53	rare	James Paick		
Seal of the Guildpact	5	5	Artifact	"As Seal of the Guildpact enters the battlefield, choose two colors.
Each spell you cast costs {1} less to cast for each of the chosen colors it is."			Commander 2015	54	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Thought Vessel	2	2	Artifact	"You have no maximum hand size.
{T}: Add {C}."			Commander 2015	55	common	rk post		
Command Beacon		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}, Sacrifice Command Beacon: Put your commander into your hand from the command zone."			Commander 2015	56	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Forge of Heroes		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{T}: Choose target commander that entered the battlefield this turn. Put a +1/+1 counter on it if it's a creature and a loyalty counter on it if it's a planeswalker."			Commander 2018	58	common	Titus Lunter		
Commander's Sphere	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity.
Sacrifice Commander's Sphere: Draw a card."			Commander 2018	200	common	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Boreas Charger	2W	3	Creature ? Pegasus	"Flying
When Boreas Charger leaves the battlefield, choose an opponent who controls more lands than you. Search your library for a number of Plains cards equal to the difference and reveal them. Put one of them onto the battlefield tapped and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle your library."	W	W	Commander 2018	1	rare	Christine Choi		
Empyrial Storm	4WW	6	Sorcery	"When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you've cast your commander from the command zone this game.
Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying."	W	W	Commander 2018	2	rare	Mark Poole		
Heavenly Blademaster	5W	6	Creature ? Angel	"Flying, double strike
When Heavenly Blademaster enters the battlefield, you may attach any number of Auras and Equipment you control to it.
Other creatures you control get +1/+1 for each Aura and Equipment attached to Heavenly Blademaster."	W	W	Commander 2018	3	rare	Zack Stella		
Loyal Unicorn	3W	4	Creature ? Unicorn	"Vigilance
Lieutenant ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to creatures you control this turn. Other creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn."	W	W	Commander 2018	4	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Magus of the Balance	1W	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{4}{W}, {T}, Sacrifice Magus of the Balance: Each player chooses a number of lands they control equal to the number of lands controlled by the player who controls the fewest, then sacrifices the rest. Players discard cards and sacrifice creatures the same way."	W	W	Commander 2018	5	rare	Kev Walker		
Aminatou's Augury	6UU	8	Sorcery	"Exile the top eight cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield. Until end of turn, for each nonland card type, you may cast a card of that type from among the exiled cards without paying its mana cost."	U	U	Commander 2018	6	rare	Seb McKinnon		
Echo Storm	3UU	5	Sorcery	"When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you've cast your commander from the command zone this game. You may choose new targets for the copies.
Create a token that's a copy of target artifact."	U	U	Commander 2018	7	rare	Mark Poole		
Estrid's Invocation	2U	3	Enchantment	"You may have Estrid's Invocation enter the battlefield as a copy of any enchantment you control, except it has ""At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile this enchantment. If you do, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control."""	U	U	Commander 2018	8	rare	Johannes Voss		
Ever-Watching Threshold	2U	3	Enchantment	"Whenever an opponent attacks, if they attacked you and/or a planeswalker you control, draw a card."	U	U	Commander 2018	9	rare	Jenn Ravenna		
Loyal Drake	2U	3	Creature ? Drake	"Flying
Lieutenant ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, draw a card."	U	U	Commander 2018	10	uncommon	Bayard Wu		
Octopus Umbra	3UU	5	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has base power and toughness 8/8 and has ""Whenever this creature attacks, you may tap target creature with power 8 or less.""
Totem armor (If enchanted creature would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)"	U	U	Commander 2018	11	rare	Howard Lyon		
Primordial Mist	4U	5	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, you may manifest the top card of your library. (Put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)
Exile a face-down permanent you control face up: You may play that card this turn. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules still apply.)"	U	U	Commander 2018	12	rare	Titus Lunter		
Vedalken Humiliator	3U	4	Creature ? Vedalken Wizard	"Metalcraft ? Whenever Vedalken Humiliator attacks, if you control three or more artifacts, creatures your opponents control lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1 until end of turn."	U	U	Commander 2018	13	rare	Jehan Choo		
Bloodtracker	3B	4	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Flying
{B}, Pay 2 life: Put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodtracker.
When Bloodtracker leaves the battlefield, draw a card for each +1/+1 counter on it."	B	B	Commander 2018	14	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Entreat the Dead	XXBBB	3	Sorcery	"Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Miracle {X}{B}{B} (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)"	B	B	Commander 2018	15	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
Loyal Subordinate	2B	3	Creature ? Zombie	"Menace
Lieutenant ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, each opponent loses 3 life."	B	B	Commander 2018	16	uncommon	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Night Incarnate	4B	5	Creature ? Elemental	"Deathtouch
When Night Incarnate leaves the battlefield, all creatures get -3/-3 until end of turn.
Evoke {3}{B} (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)"	B	B	Commander 2018	17	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Skull Storm	7BB	9	Sorcery	"When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you've cast your commander from the command zone this game.
Each opponent sacrifices a creature. Each opponent who can't loses half their life, rounded up."	B	B	Commander 2018	18	rare	Mark Poole		
Sower of Discord	4BB	6	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
As Sower of Discord enters the battlefield, choose two players.
Whenever damage is dealt to one of the chosen players, the other chosen player also loses that much life."	B	B	Commander 2018	19	rare	Wisnu Tan		
Emissary of Grudges	5R	6	Creature ? Efreet	"Flying, haste
As Emissary of Grudges enters the battlefield, secretly choose an opponent.
Reveal the player you chose: Choose new targets for target spell or ability if it's controlled by the chosen player and if it targets you or a permanent you control. Activate this ability only once."	R	R	Commander 2018	20	rare	Stanton Feng		
Enchanter's Bane	1R	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your end step, target enchantment deals damage equal to its converted mana cost to its controller unless that player sacrifices it."	R	R	Commander 2018	21	rare	Steve Prescott		
Fury Storm	2RR	4	Instant	"When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you've cast your commander from the command zone this game. You may choose new targets for the copies.
Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy."	R	R	Commander 2018	22	rare	Mark Poole		
Loyal Apprentice	1R	2	Creature ? Human Artificer	"Haste
Lieutenant ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying. That token gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Commander 2018	23	uncommon	Joe Slucher		
Nesting Dragon	3RR	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Landfall ? Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 0/2 red Dragon Egg creature token with defender and ""When this creature dies, create a 2/2 red Dragon creature token with flying and '{R}: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.'"""	R	R	Commander 2018	24	rare	Jehan Choo		
Reality Scramble	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Put target permanent you own on the bottom of your library. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card that shares a card type with that permanent. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)"	R	R	Commander 2018	25	rare	Simon Dominic		
Saheeli's Directive	XRRR	3	Sorcery	"Improvise (Each artifact you tap after you're done activating mana abilities pays for {1}.)
Reveal the top X cards of your library. You may put any number of artifact cards with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Then put all cards revealed this way that weren't put onto the battlefield into your graveyard."	R	R	Commander 2018	26	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Treasure Nabber	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"Whenever an opponent taps an artifact for mana, gain control of that artifact until the end of your next turn."	R	R	Commander 2018	27	rare	Alex Konstad		
"Varchild, Betrayer of Kjeldor"	2R	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Whenever Varchild, Betrayer of Kjeldor deals combat damage to a player, that player creates that many 1/1 red Survivor creature tokens.
Survivors your opponents control can't block, and they can't attack you or a planeswalker you control.
When Varchild leaves the battlefield, gain control of all Survivors."	R	R	Commander 2018	28	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Crash of Rhino Beetles	4G	5	Creature ? Insect	"Trample
Crash of Rhino Beetles gets +10/+10 as long as you control ten or more lands."	G	G	Commander 2018	29	rare	Mike Burns		
Genesis Storm	4GG	6	Sorcery	"When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you've cast your commander from the command zone this game.
Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland permanent card. You may put that card onto the battlefield. Then put all cards revealed this way that weren't put onto the battlefield on the bottom of your library in a random order."	G	G	Commander 2018	30	rare	Mark Poole		
Loyal Guardian	4G	5	Creature ? Rhino	"Trample
Lieutenant ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control."	G	G	Commander 2018	31	uncommon	Robbie Trevino		
Myth Unbound	2G	3	Enchantment	"Your commander costs {1} less to cast for each time it's been cast from the command zone this game.
Whenever your commander is put into the command zone from anywhere, draw a card."	G	G	Commander 2018	32	rare	Alexander Forssberg		
Nylea's Colossus	6G	7	Enchantment Creature ? Giant	"Constellation ? Whenever Nylea's Colossus or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, double target creature's power and toughness until end of turn."	G	G	Commander 2018	33	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Ravenous Slime	2G	3	Creature ? Ooze	"Ravenous Slime can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
If a creature an opponent controls would die, instead exile it and put a number of +1/+1 counters equal to that creature's power on Ravenous Slime."	G	G	Commander 2018	34	rare	Filip Burburan		
Turntimber Sower	2G	3	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.
{G}, Sacrifice three creatures: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand."	G	G	Commander 2018	35	rare	Craig J Spearing		
Whiptongue Hydra	5G	6	Creature ? Lizard Hydra	"Reach
When Whiptongue Hydra enters the battlefield, destroy all creatures with flying. Put a +1/+1 counter on Whiptongue Hydra for each creature destroyed this way."	G	G	Commander 2018	36	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
"Arixmethes, Slumbering Isle"	2GU	4	Legendary Creature ? Kraken	"Arixmethes, Slumbering Isle enters the battlefield tapped with five slumber counters on it.
As long as Arixmethes has a slumber counter on it, it's a land. (It's not a creature.)
Whenever you cast a spell, you may remove a slumber counter from Arixmethes.
{T}: Add {G}{U}."	U	U	Commander 2018	38	rare	Dimitar Marinski		
Windgrace's Judgment	3BG	5	Instant	"For any number of opponents, destroy target nonland permanent that player controls."	G	G	Commander 2018	49	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
"Xantcha, Sleeper Agent"	1BR	3	Legendary Creature ? Minion	"As Xantcha, Sleeper Agent enters the battlefield, an opponent of your choice gains control of it.
Xantcha attacks each combat if able and can't attack its owner or planeswalkers its owner controls.
{3}: Xantcha's controller loses 2 life and you draw a card. Any player may activate this ability."	R	R	Commander 2018	50	rare	Mark Winters		
"Yuriko, the Tiger's Shadow"	1UB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Ninja	"Commander ninjutsu {U}{B} ({U}{B}, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand or the command zone tapped and attacking.)
Whenever a Ninja you control deals combat damage to a player, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. Each opponent loses life equal to that card's converted mana cost."	U	U	Commander 2018	52	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Ancient Stone Idol	10	10	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Flash
This spell costs {1} less to cast for each attacking creature.
Trample
When Ancient Stone Idol dies, create a 6/12 colorless Construct artifact creature token with trample."			Commander 2018	53	rare	Josh Hass		
Coveted Jewel	6	6	Artifact	"When Coveted Jewel enters the battlefield, draw three cards.
{T}: Add three mana of any one color.
Whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls attack you and aren't blocked, that player draws three cards and gains control of Coveted Jewel. Untap it."			Commander 2018	54	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Endless Atlas	2	2	Artifact	"{2}, {T}: Draw a card. Activate this ability only if you control three or more lands with the same name."			Commander 2018	55	rare	Titus Lunter		
Geode Golem	5	5	Artifact Creature ? Golem	"Trample
Whenever Geode Golem deals combat damage to a player, you may cast your commander from the command zone without paying its mana cost. (You still pay any additional costs.)"			Commander 2018	56	uncommon	Yeong-Hao Han		
Retrofitter Foundry	1	1	Artifact	"{3}: Untap Retrofitter Foundry.
{2}, {T}: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
{1}, {T}, Sacrifice a Servo: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
{T}, Sacrifice a Thopter: Create a 4/4 colorless Construct artifact creature token."			Commander 2018	57	rare	Dmitry Burmak		
Isolated Watchtower		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{2}, {T}: Scry 1, then you may reveal the top card of your library. If a basic land card is revealed this way, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Activate this ability only if an opponent controls at least two more lands than you."			Commander 2018	59	rare	Alexander Forssberg		
Unstable Obelisk	3	3	Artifact	"{T}: Add {C}.
{7}, {T}, Sacrifice Unstable Obelisk: Destroy target permanent."			Commander 2018	227	uncommon	William Wu		
"Aminatou, the Fateshifter"	WUB	3	Legendary Planeswalker ? Aminatou	"+1: Draw a card, then put a card from your hand on top of your library.
?1: Exile another target permanent you own, then return it to the battlefield under your control.
?6: Choose left or right. Each player gains control of all nonland permanents other than Aminatou, the Fateshifter controlled by the next player in the chosen direction.
Aminatou, the Fateshifter can be your commander."	W	W	Commander 2018	37	mythic	Seb McKinnon		
"Brudiclad, Telchor Engineer"	4UR	6	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Artificer	"Creature tokens you control have haste.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 2/1 blue Myr artifact creature token. Then you may choose a token you control. If you do, each other token you control becomes a copy of that token."	U	U	Commander 2018	39	mythic	Daarken		
"Estrid, the Masked"	1GWU	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Estrid	"+2: Untap each enchanted permanent you control.
?1: Create a white Aura enchantment token named Mask attached to another target permanent. The token has enchant permanent and totem armor.
?7: Put the top seven cards of your library into your graveyard. Return all non-Aura enchantment cards from your graveyard to the battlefield, then do the same for Aura cards.
Estrid, the Masked can be your commander."	W	W	Commander 2018	40	mythic	Johannes Voss		
"Gyrus, Waker of Corpses"	XBRG	3	Legendary Creature ? Hydra	"Gyrus, Waker of Corpses enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the amount of mana spent to cast it.
Whenever Gyrus attacks, you may exile target creature card with lesser power from your graveyard. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that card and that's tapped and attacking. Exile the token at end of combat."	R	R	Commander 2018	41	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
"Kestia, the Cultivator"	1GWU	4	Legendary Enchantment Creature ? Nymph	"Bestow {3}{G}{W}{U} (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it's an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it's not attached to a creature.)
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4.
Whenever an enchanted creature or enchantment creature you control attacks, draw a card."	W	W	Commander 2018	42	mythic	Zezhou Chen		
Lord Windgrace	2BRG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Windgrace	"+2: Discard a card, then draw a card. If a land card is discarded this way, draw an additional card.
?3: Return up to two target land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield.
?11: Destroy up to six target nonland permanents, then create six 2/2 green Cat Warrior creature tokens with forestwalk.
Lord Windgrace can be your commander."	R	R	Commander 2018	43	mythic	Bram Sels		
"Saheeli, the Gifted"	2UR	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Saheeli	"+1: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.
+1: The next spell you cast this turn costs {1} less to cast for each artifact you control as you cast it.
?7: For each artifact you control, create a token that's a copy of it. Those tokens gain haste. Exile those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.
Saheeli, the Gifted can be your commander."	U	U	Commander 2018	44	mythic	Ryan Pancoast		
"Tawnos, Urza's Apprentice"	UR	2	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"Haste
{U}{R}, {T}: Copy target activated or triggered ability you control from an artifact source. You may choose new targets for the copy. (Mana abilities can't be targeted.)"	U	U	Commander 2018	45	mythic	Matt Stewart		
"Thantis, the Warweaver"	3BRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Spider	"Vigilance, reach
All creatures attack each combat if able.
Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, put a +1/+1 counter on Thantis, the Warweaver."	R	R	Commander 2018	46	mythic	Jehan Choo		
Tuvasa the Sunlit	GWU	3	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Shaman	"Tuvasa the Sunlit gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.
Whenever you cast your first enchantment spell each turn, draw a card."	W	W	Commander 2018	47	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Varina, Lich Queen"	1WUB	4	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"Whenever you attack with one or more Zombies, draw that many cards, then discard that many cards. You gain that much life.
{2}, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token."	W	W	Commander 2018	48	mythic	Igor Kieryluk		
"Yennett, Cryptic Sovereign"	2WUB	5	Legendary Creature ? Sphinx	"Flying, vigilance, menace
Whenever Yennett, Cryptic Sovereign attacks, reveal the top card of your library. If that card's converted mana cost is odd, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, draw a card."	W	W	Commander 2018	51	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Creeperhulk	3GG	5	Creature ? Plant Elemental	"Trample
{1}{G}: Until end of turn, target creature you control has base power and toughness 5/5 and gains trample."	G	G	Commander Anthology	98	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Grave Sifter	5G	6	Creature ? Elemental Beast	"When Grave Sifter enters the battlefield, each player chooses a creature type and returns any number of cards of that type from their graveyard to their hand."	G	G	Commander Anthology	112	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Lifeblood Hydra	XGGG	3	Creature ? Hydra	"Trample
Lifeblood Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When Lifeblood Hydra dies, you gain life and draw cards equal to its power."	G	G	Commander Anthology	124	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Siege Behemoth	5GG	7	Creature ? Beast	"Hexproof
As long as Siege Behemoth is attacking, for each creature you control, you may have that creature assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked."	G	G	Commander Anthology	144	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Song of the Dryads	2G	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
Enchanted permanent is a colorless Forest land."	G	G	Commander Anthology	147	rare	Lars Grant-West		
Sylvan Offering	XG	1	Sorcery	"Choose an opponent. You and that player each create an X/X green Treefolk creature token.
Choose an opponent. You and that player each create X 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens."	G	G	Commander Anthology	150	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Thunderfoot Baloth	4GG	6	Creature ? Beast	"Trample
Lieutenant ? As long as you control your commander, Thunderfoot Baloth gets +2/+2 and other creatures you control get +2/+2 and have trample."	G	G	Commander Anthology	155	rare	Marco Nelor		
"Titania, Protector of Argoth"	3GG	5	Legendary Creature ? Elemental	"When Titania, Protector of Argoth enters the battlefield, return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Whenever a land you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 5/3 green Elemental creature token."	G	G	Commander Anthology	157	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
Wave of Vitriol	5GG	7	Sorcery	"Each player sacrifices all artifacts, enchantments, and nonbasic lands they control. For each land sacrificed this way, its controller may search their library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it."	G	G	Commander Anthology	165	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Wolfcaller's Howl	3G	4	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, create X 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens, where X is the number of your opponents with four or more cards in hand."	G	G	Commander Anthology	169	rare	Ralph Horsley		
Assault Suit	4	4	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+2, has haste, can't attack you or a planeswalker you control, and can't be sacrificed.
At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, you may have that player gain control of equipped creature until end of turn. If you do, untap it.
Equip {3}"			Commander Anthology	208	uncommon	James Paick		
Loreseeker's Stone	6	6	Artifact	"{3}, {T}: Draw three cards. This ability costs {1} more to activate for each card in your hand."			Commander Anthology	221	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
"Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury"	3GG	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Freyalise	"+2: Create a 1/1 green Elf Druid creature token with ""{T}: Add {G}.""
?2: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
?6: Draw a card for each green creature you control.
Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury can be your commander."	G	G	Commander Anthology	111	mythic	Adam Paquette		
"Daretti, Scrap Savant"	3R	4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Daretti	"+2: Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.
?2: Sacrifice an artifact. If you do, return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
?10: You get an emblem with ""Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return that card to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step.""
Daretti, Scrap Savant can be your commander."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	4	mythic	Dan Scott		
Feldon of the Third Path	1RR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Artificer	"{2}{R}, {T}: Create a token that's a copy of target creature card in your graveyard, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	6	mythic	Chase Stone		
"Atraxa, Praetors' Voice"	GWUB	4	Legendary Creature ? Angel Horror	"Flying, vigilance, deathtouch, lifelink
At the beginning of your end step, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)"	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	10	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
"Ikra Shidiqi, the Usurper"	3BG	5	Legendary Creature ? Naga Wizard	"Menace
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	G	G	Commander Anthology Volume II	11	mythic	Josu Hernaiz		
"Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker"	2WU	4	Legendary Creature ? Bird Monk	"Flying
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	12	mythic	Zack Stella		
"Reyhan, Last of the Abzan"	1BG	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Warrior	"Reyhan, Last of the Abzan enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever a creature you control dies or is put into the command zone, if it had one or more +1/+1 counters on it, you may put that many +1/+1 counters on target creature.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	G	G	Commander Anthology Volume II	13	rare	Chris Rallis		
Duelist's Heritage	2W	3	Enchantment	"Whenever one or more creatures attack, you may have target attacking creature gain double strike until end of turn."	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	26	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Orzhov Advokist	2W	3	Creature ? Human Advisor	"At the beginning of your upkeep, each player may put two +1/+1 counters on a creature they control. If a player does, creatures that player controls can't attack you or a planeswalker you control until your next turn."	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	34	uncommon	Jason A. Engle		
Sublime Exhalation	6W	7	Sorcery	"Undaunted (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each opponent.)
Destroy all creatures."	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	36	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Deepglow Skate	4U	5	Creature ? Fish	"When Deepglow Skate enters the battlefield, double the number of each kind of counter on any number of target permanents."	U	U	Commander Anthology Volume II	39	rare	Jason Kang		
Grip of Phyresis	2U	3	Instant	"Gain control of target Equipment, then create a 0/0 black Germ creature token and attach that Equipment to it."	U	U	Commander Anthology Volume II	43	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Manifold Insights	2U	3	Sorcery	"Reveal the top ten cards of your library. Starting with the next opponent in turn order, each opponent chooses a different nonland card from among them. Put the chosen cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order."	U	U	Commander Anthology Volume II	44	rare	Tommy Arnold		
Bitter Feud	4R	5	Enchantment	"As Bitter Feud enters the battlefield, choose two players.
If a source controlled by one of the chosen players would deal damage to the other chosen player or a permanent that player controls, that source deals double that damage to that player or permanent instead."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	84	rare	Aaron Miller		
Impact Resonance	1R	2	Instant	"Impact Resonance deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures, where X is the greatest amount of damage dealt by a source to a permanent or player this turn."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	107	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Incite Rebellion	4RR	6	Sorcery	"For each player, Incite Rebellion deals damage to that player and each creature that player controls equal to the number of creatures they control."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	108	rare	Alex Horley-Orlandelli		
Scrap Mastery	3RR	5	Sorcery	"Each player exiles all artifact cards from their graveyard, then sacrifices all artifacts they control, then puts all cards they exiled this way onto the battlefield."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	116	rare	Dan Scott		
Tyrant's Familiar	5RR	7	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
Lieutenant ? As long as you control your commander, Tyrant's Familiar gets +2/+2 and has ""Whenever Tyrant's Familiar attacks, it deals 7 damage to target creature defending player controls."""	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	125	rare	Todd Lockwood		
Volcanic Offering	4R	5	Instant	"Destroy target nonbasic land you don't control and target nonbasic land of an opponent's choice you don't control.
Volcanic Offering deals 7 damage to target creature you don't control and 7 damage to target creature of an opponent's choice you don't control."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	126	rare	Eric Velhagen		
Warmonger Hellkite	4RR	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
All creatures attack each combat if able.
{1}{R}: Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Commander Anthology Volume II	128	rare	Trevor Claxton		
Ancient Excavation	2UB	4	Instant	"Draw cards equal to the number of cards in your hand, then discard a card for each card drawn this way.
Basic landcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	U	U	Commander Anthology Volume II	150	uncommon	James Paick		
Migratory Route	3WU	5	Sorcery	"Create four 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying.
Basic landcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	161	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Sylvan Reclamation	3GW	5	Instant	"Exile up to two target artifacts and/or enchantments.
Basic landcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	W	W	Commander Anthology Volume II	167	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Crystalline Crawler	4	4	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Converge ? Crystalline Crawler enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Crystalline Crawler: Add one mana of any color.
{T}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Crystalline Crawler."			Commander Anthology Volume II	183	rare	Jason Felix		
Arcane Lighthouse		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{1}, {T}: Until end of turn, creatures your opponents control lose hexproof and shroud and can't have hexproof or shroud."			Commander Anthology Volume II	233	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
"Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix"	2GU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{T}: Add {C} for each card you've drawn this turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	U	U	Commander 2016	35	mythic	Bastien L. Deharme		
Kynaios and Tiro of Meletis	RGWU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"At the beginning of your end step, draw a card. Each player may put a land card from their hand onto the battlefield, then each opponent who didn't draws a card."	W	W	Commander 2016	36	mythic	Willian Murai		
"Ludevic, Necro-Alchemist"	1UR	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"At the beginning of each player's end step, that player may draw a card if a player other than you lost life this turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	U	U	Commander 2016	37	mythic	Aaron Miller		
"Ravos, Soultender"	3WB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Flying
Other creatures you control get +1/+1.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	W	W	Commander 2016	39	mythic	Zezhou Chen		
Saskia the Unyielding	BRGW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier	"Vigilance, haste
As Saskia the Unyielding enters the battlefield, choose a player.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to the chosen player."	W	W	Commander 2016	41	mythic	Greg Opalinski		
Sidar Kondo of Jamuraa	2GW	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Knight	"Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)
Creatures your opponents control without flying or reach can't block creatures with power 2 or less.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	W	W	Commander 2016	42	mythic	Ryan Alexander Lee		
"Silas Renn, Seeker Adept"	1UB	3	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Human	"Deathtouch
Whenever Silas Renn, Seeker Adept deals combat damage to a player, choose target artifact card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	U	U	Commander 2016	43	mythic	Joseph Meehan		
"Tana, the Bloodsower"	2RG	4	Legendary Creature ? Elf Druid	"Trample
Whenever Tana, the Bloodsower deals combat damage to a player, create that many 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	R	R	Commander 2016	45	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
"Thrasios, Triton Hero"	GU	2	Legendary Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"{4}: Scry 1, then reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, draw a card.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	U	U	Commander 2016	46	rare	Josu Hernaiz		
Treacherous Terrain	6RG	8	Sorcery	"Treacherous Terrain deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of lands that player controls.
Basic landcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Commander 2016	47	uncommon	Titus Lunter		
Tymna the Weaver	1WB	3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric	"Lifelink
At the beginning of your postcombat main phase, you may pay X life, where X is the number of opponents that were dealt combat damage this turn. If you do, draw X cards.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	W	W	Commander 2016	48	rare	Winona Nelson		
"Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder"	UBRG	4	Legendary Creature ? Ogre Wizard	"Trample
Whenever Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder deals combat damage to a player, as you cast spells from your hand this turn, they gain cascade. (When you cast the spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)"	U	U	Commander 2016	50	mythic	Karl Kopinski		
Armory Automaton	3	3	Artifact Creature ? Construct	"Whenever Armory Automaton enters the battlefield or attacks, you may attach any number of target Equipment to it. (Control of the Equipment doesn't change.)"			Commander 2016	51	rare	James Paick		
Boompile	4	4	Artifact	"{T}: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy all nonland permanents."			Commander 2016	52	rare	Filip Burburan		
Conqueror's Flail	2	2	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each color among permanents you control.
As long as Conqueror's Flail is attached to a creature, your opponents can't cast spells during your turn.
Equip {2}"			Commander 2016	53	rare	Franz Vohwinkel		
Prismatic Geoscope	5	5	Artifact	"Prismatic Geoscope enters the battlefield tapped.
Domain ? {T}: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control."			Commander 2016	55	rare	Steven Belledin		
Alms Collector	3W	4	Creature ? Cat Cleric	"Flash
If an opponent would draw two or more cards, instead you and that player each draw a card."	W	W	Commander 2017	1	rare	Bram Sels		
"Balan, Wandering Knight"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Cat Knight	"First strike
Balan, Wandering Knight has double strike as long as two or more Equipment are attached to it.
{1}{W}: Attach all Equipment you control to Balan."	W	W	Commander 2017	2	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Curse of Vitality	2W	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player is attacked, you gain 2 life. Each opponent attacking that player does the same."	W	W	Commander 2017	3	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Fortunate Few	3WW	5	Sorcery	"Choose a nonland permanent you don't control, then each other player chooses a nonland permanent they don't control that hasn't been chosen this way. Destroy all other nonland permanents."	W	W	Commander 2017	4	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Kindred Boon	2WW	4	Enchantment	"As Kindred Boon enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{1}{W}: Put a divinity counter on target creature you control of the chosen type.
Each creature you control with a divinity counter on it has indestructible."	W	W	Commander 2017	5	rare	McLean Kendree		
Scalelord Reckoner	3WW	5	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a Dragon you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, destroy target nonland permanent that player controls."	W	W	Commander 2017	6	rare	Even Amundsen		
Stalking Leonin	2W	3	Creature ? Cat Archer	"When Stalking Leonin enters the battlefield, secretly choose an opponent.
Reveal the player you chose: Exile target creature that's attacking you if it's controlled by the chosen player. Activate this ability only once."	W	W	Commander 2017	7	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Teferi's Protection	2W	3	Instant	"Until your next turn, your life total can't change and you have protection from everything. All permanents you control phase out. (While they're phased out, they're treated as though they don't exist. They phase in before you untap during your untap step.)
Exile Teferi's Protection."	W	W	Commander 2017	8	rare	Chase Stone		
Curse of Verbosity	2U	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player is attacked, you draw a card. Each opponent attacking that player does the same."	U	U	Commander 2017	9	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Galecaster Colossus	5UU	7	Creature ? Giant Wizard	Tap an untapped Wizard you control: Return target nonland permanent you don't control to its owner's hand.	U	U	Commander 2017	10	rare	Darek Zabrocki		
Kindred Discovery	3UU	5	Enchantment	"As Kindred Discovery enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Whenever a creature you control of the chosen type enters the battlefield or attacks, draw a card."	U	U	Commander 2017	11	rare	Lake Hurwitz		
Magus of the Mind	4UU	6	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{U}, {T}, Sacrifice Magus of the Mind: Shuffle your library, then exile the top X cards, where X is one plus the number of spells cast this turn. Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs."	U	U	Commander 2017	12	rare	John Stanko		
Portal Mage	2U	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Flash
When Portal Mage enters the battlefield during the declare attackers step, you may reselect which player or planeswalker target attacking creature is attacking. (It can't attack its controller or its controller's planeswalkers.)"	U	U	Commander 2017	13	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Bloodline Necromancer	4B	5	Creature ? Vampire Wizard	"Lifelink
When Bloodline Necromancer enters the battlefield, you may return target Vampire or Wizard creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Commander 2017	14	uncommon	Joe Slucher		
Boneyard Scourge	2BB	4	Creature ? Zombie Dragon	"Flying
Whenever a Dragon you control dies while Boneyard Scourge is in your graveyard, you may pay {1}{B}. If you do, return Boneyard Scourge from your graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Commander 2017	15	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Curse of Disturbance	2B	3	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player is attacked, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Each opponent attacking that player does the same."	B	B	Commander 2017	16	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Kheru Mind-Eater	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire	"Menace
Whenever Kheru Mind-Eater deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles a card from their hand face down.
You may look at and play cards exiled with Kheru Mind-Eater."	B	B	Commander 2017	17	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Kindred Dominance	5BB	7	Sorcery	Choose a creature type. Destroy all creatures that aren't of the chosen type.	B	B	Commander 2017	18	rare	Bram Sels		
New Blood	2BB	4	Sorcery	"As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped Vampire you control.
Gain control of target creature. Change the text of that creature by replacing all instances of one creature type with Vampire."	B	B	Commander 2017	19	rare	Howard Lyon		
Patron of the Vein	4BB	6	Creature ? Vampire Shaman	"Flying
When Patron of the Vein enters the battlefield, destroy target creature an opponent controls.
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, exile it and put a +1/+1 counter on each Vampire you control."	B	B	Commander 2017	20	rare	Tommy Arnold		
Vindictive Lich	3B	4	Creature ? Zombie Wizard	"When Vindictive Lich dies, choose one or more. Each mode must target a different player.
? Target opponent sacrifices a creature.
? Target opponent discards two cards.
? Target opponent loses 5 life."	B	B	Commander 2017	21	rare	Toma Feizo Gas		
Bloodsworn Steward	2RR	4	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Flying
Commander creatures you control get +2/+2 and have haste."	R	R	Commander 2017	22	rare	Daarken		
Crimson Honor Guard	3RR	5	Creature ? Vampire Knight	"Trample
At the beginning of each player's end step, Crimson Honor Guard deals 4 damage to that player unless they control a commander."	R	R	Commander 2017	23	rare	Kieran Yanner		
Curse of Opulence	R	1	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player is attacked, create a colorless artifact token named Gold. It has ""Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color."" Each opponent attacking that player does the same."	R	R	Commander 2017	24	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Disrupt Decorum	2RR	4	Sorcery	"Goad all creatures you don't control. (Until your next turn, those creatures attack each combat if able and attack a player other than you if able.)"	R	R	Commander 2017	25	rare	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Kindred Charge	4RR	6	Sorcery	"Choose a creature type. For each creature you control of the chosen type, create a token that's a copy of that creature. Those tokens gain haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step."	R	R	Commander 2017	27	rare	Dan Scott		
Shifting Shadow	2R	3	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has haste and ""At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy this creature. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card onto the battlefield and attach Shifting Shadow to it, then put all other cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in a random order."""	R	R	Commander 2017	28	rare	Christopher Burdett		
Territorial Hellkite	2RR	4	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying, haste
At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose an opponent at random that Territorial Hellkite didn't attack during your last combat. Territorial Hellkite attacks that player this combat if able. If you can't choose an opponent this way, tap Territorial Hellkite."	R	R	Commander 2017	29	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Curse of Bounty	1G	2	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player is attacked, untap all nonland permanents you control. Each opponent attacking that player untaps all nonland permanents they control."	G	G	Commander 2017	30	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
Hungry Lynx	1G	2	Creature ? Cat	"Cats you control have protection from Rats. (They can't be blocked, targeted, or dealt damage by Rats.)
At the beginning of your end step, target opponent creates a 1/1 black Rat creature token with deathtouch.
Whenever a Rat dies, put a +1/+1 counter on each Cat you control."	G	G	Commander 2017	31	rare	Shreya Shetty		
Kindred Summons	5GG	7	Instant	"Choose a creature type. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal X creature cards of the chosen type, where X is the number of creatures you control of that type. Put those cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle the rest of the revealed cards into your library."	G	G	Commander 2017	32	rare	Ryan Pancoast		
Qasali Slingers	4G	5	Creature ? Cat Warrior	"Reach
Whenever Qasali Slingers or another Cat enters the battlefield under your control, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment."	G	G	Commander 2017	33	rare	Izzy		
Traverse the Outlands	4G	5	Sorcery	"Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control. Put those cards onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library."	G	G	Commander 2017	34	rare	Daarken		
"Arahbo, Roar of the World"	3GW	5	Legendary Creature ? Cat Avatar	"Eminence ? At the beginning of combat on your turn, if Arahbo, Roar of the World is in the command zone or on the battlefield, another target Cat you control gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Whenever another Cat you control attacks, you may pay {1}{G}{W}. If you do, it gains trample and gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power."	W	W	Commander 2017	35	mythic	Jesper Ejsing		
Fractured Identity	3WU	5	Sorcery	Exile target nonland permanent. Each player other than its controller creates a token that's a copy of it.	W	W	Commander 2017	37	rare	Yongjae Choi		
"Inalla, Archmage Ritualist"	2UBR	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Eminence ? Whenever another nontoken Wizard enters the battlefield under your control, if Inalla, Archmage Ritualist is in the command zone or on the battlefield, you may pay {1}. If you do, create a token that's a copy of that Wizard. The token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.
Tap five untapped Wizards you control: Target player loses 7 life."	U	U	Commander 2017	38	mythic	Yongjae Choi		
"Licia, Sanguine Tribune"	5RWB	8	Legendary Creature ? Vampire Soldier	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each 1 life you gained this turn.
First strike, lifelink
Pay 5 life: Put three +1/+1 counters on Licia, Sanguine Tribune. Activate this ability only during your turn and only once each turn."	W	W	Commander 2017	40	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
"Mairsil, the Pretender"	1UBR	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"When Mairsil, the Pretender enters the battlefield, you may exile an artifact or creature card from your hand or graveyard and put a cage counter on it.
Mairsil, the Pretender has all activated abilities of all cards you own in exile with cage counters on them. You may activate each of those abilities only once each turn."	U	U	Commander 2017	41	mythic	Izzy		
"Mathas, Fiend Seeker"	RWB	3	Legendary Creature ? Vampire	"Menace
At the beginning of your end step, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls. For as long as that creature has a bounty counter on it, it has ""When this creature dies, each opponent draws a card and gains 2 life."""	W	W	Commander 2017	42	mythic	Joe Slucher		
"Mirri, Weatherlight Duelist"	1GW	3	Legendary Creature ? Cat Warrior	"First strike
Whenever Mirri, Weatherlight Duelist attacks, each opponent can't block with more than one creature this combat.
As long as Mirri, Weatherlight Duelist is tapped, no more than one creature can attack you each combat."	W	W	Commander 2017	43	mythic	Magali Villeneuve		
"Nazahn, Revered Bladesmith"	4GW	6	Legendary Creature ? Cat Artificer	"When Nazahn, Revered Bladesmith enters the battlefield, search your library for an Equipment card and reveal it. If you reveal a card named Hammer of Nazahn this way, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.
Whenever an equipped creature you control attacks, you may tap target creature defending player controls."	W	W	Commander 2017	44	mythic	Victor Adame Minguez		
"O-Kagachi, Vengeful Kami"	1WUBRG	6	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Spirit	"Flying, trample
Whenever O-Kagachi, Vengeful Kami deals combat damage to a player, if that player attacked you during their last turn, exile target nonland permanent that player controls."	W	W	Commander 2017	45	mythic	Daarken		
"Taigam, Ojutai Master"	2WU	4	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk	"Instant, sorcery, and Dragon spells you control can't be countered.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand, if Taigam, Ojutai Master attacked this turn, that spell gains rebound. (Exile the spell as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast that card from exile without paying its mana cost.)"	W	W	Commander 2017	46	rare	Simon Dominic		
"Taigam, Sidisi's Hand"	3UB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"Skip your draw step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
{B}, {T}, Exile X cards from your graveyard: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn."	U	U	Commander 2017	47	rare	Simon Dominic		
The Ur-Dragon	4WUBRG	9	Legendary Creature ? Dragon Avatar	"Eminence ? As long as The Ur-Dragon is in the command zone or on the battlefield, other Dragon spells you cast cost {1} less to cast.
Flying
Whenever one or more Dragons you control attack, draw that many cards, then you may put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield."	W	W	Commander 2017	48	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Wasitora, Nekoru Queen"	2BRG	5	Legendary Creature ? Cat Dragon	"Flying, trample
Whenever Wasitora, Nekoru Queen deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices a creature. If the player can't, you create a 3/3 black, red, and green Cat Dragon creature token with flying."	R	R	Commander 2017	49	rare	Cynthia Sheppard		
Bloodforged Battle-Axe	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a token that's a copy of Bloodforged Battle-Axe.
Equip {2}"			Commander 2017	50	rare	Alayna Danner		
Hammer of Nazahn	4	4	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment	"Whenever Hammer of Nazahn or another Equipment enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach that Equipment to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has indestructible.
Equip {4}"			Commander 2017	51	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Heirloom Blade	3	3	Artifact ? Equipment	"Equipped creature gets +3/+1.
Whenever equipped creature dies, you may reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card that shares a creature type with it. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Equip {1}"			Commander 2017	52	uncommon	Carmen Sinek		
Herald's Horn	3	3	Artifact	"As Herald's Horn enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creature spells you cast of the chosen type cost {1} less to cast.
At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. If it's a creature card of the chosen type, you may reveal it and put it into your hand."			Commander 2017	53	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Mirror of the Forebears	2	2	Artifact	"As Mirror of the Forebears enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
{1}: Until end of turn, Mirror of the Forebears becomes a copy of target creature you control of the chosen type, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types."			Commander 2017	54	uncommon	Kieran Yanner		
"Ramos, Dragon Engine"	6	6	Legendary Artifact Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
Whenever you cast a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Ramos, Dragon Engine for each of that spell's colors.
Remove five +1/+1 counters from Ramos: Add {W}{W}{U}{U}{B}{B}{R}{R}{G}{G}. Activate this ability only once each turn."		W	Commander 2017	55	mythic	Joseph Meehan		
Fell the Mighty	4W	5	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with power greater than target creature's power.	W	W	Commander 2017	60	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Jazal Goldmane	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Cat Warrior	"First strike
{3}{W}{W}: Attacking creatures you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of attacking creatures."	W	W	Commander 2017	62	mythic	Aaron Miller		
Necromantic Selection	4BBB	7	Sorcery	"Destroy all creatures, then return a creature card put into a graveyard this way to the battlefield under your control. It's a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types. Exile Necromantic Selection."	B	B	Commander 2017	117	rare	Dave Kendall		
Path of Ancestry		0	Land	"Path of Ancestry enters the battlefield tapped.
{T}: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity. When that mana is spent to cast a creature spell that shares a creature type with your commander, scry 1."			Commander 2017	56	common	Alayna Danner		
Angel of the Dire Hour	5WW	7	Creature ? Angel	"Flash
Flying
When Angel of the Dire Hour enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, exile all attacking creatures."	W	W	Commander 2014	1	rare	Jack Wang		
Angelic Field Marshal	2WW	4	Creature ? Angel	"Flying
Lieutenant ? As long as you control your commander, Angelic Field Marshal gets +2/+2 and creatures you control have vigilance."	W	W	Commander 2014	2	rare	Scott Murphy		
Benevolent Offering	3W	4	Instant	"Choose an opponent. You and that player each create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
Choose an opponent. You gain 2 life for each creature you control and that player gains 2 life for each creature they control."	W	W	Commander 2014	3	rare	Ryan Yee		
Comeuppance	3W	4	Instant	"Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and planeswalkers you control this turn by sources you don't control. If damage from a creature source is prevented this way, Comeuppance deals that much damage to that creature. If damage from a noncreature source is prevented this way, Comeuppance deals that much damage to the source's controller."	W	W	Commander 2014	4	rare	Marco Nelor		
Deploy to the Front	5WW	7	Sorcery	"Create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens, where X is the number of creatures on the battlefield."	W	W	Commander 2014	6	rare	Aaron Miller		
Hallowed Spiritkeeper	1WW	3	Creature ? Avatar	"Vigilance
When Hallowed Spiritkeeper dies, create X 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard."	W	W	Commander 2014	8	rare	Steve Prescott		
"Nahiri, the Lithomancer"	3WW	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nahiri	"+2: Create a 1/1 white Kor Soldier creature token. You may attach an Equipment you control to it.
?2: You may put an Equipment card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.
?10: Create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Stoneforged Blade. It has indestructible, ""Equipped creature gets +5/+5 and has double strike,"" and equip {0}.
Nahiri, the Lithomancer can be your commander."	W	W	Commander 2014	10	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Breaching Leviathan	7UU	9	Creature ? Leviathan	"When Breaching Leviathan enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, tap all nonblue creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps."	U	U	Commander 2014	12	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Domineering Will	3U	4	Instant	Target player gains control of up to three target nonattacking creatures until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They block this turn if able.	U	U	Commander 2014	13	rare	Mike Sass		
Dulcet Sirens	2U	3	Creature ? Siren	"{U}, {T}: Target creature attacks target opponent this turn if able.
Morph {U} (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for {3}. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)"	U	U	Commander 2014	14	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Intellectual Offering	4U	5	Instant	"Choose an opponent. You and that player each draw three cards.
Choose an opponent. Untap all nonland permanents you control and all nonland permanents that player controls."	U	U	Commander 2014	15	rare	Mark Winters		
Stitcher Geralf	3UU	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{U}, {T}: Each player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard. Exile up to two creature cards put into graveyards this way. Create an X/X blue Zombie creature token, where X is the total power of the cards exiled this way."	U	U	Commander 2014	17	mythic	Karla Ortiz		
Stormsurge Kraken	3UU	5	Creature ? Kraken	"Hexproof
Lieutenant ? As long as you control your commander, Stormsurge Kraken gets +2/+2 and has ""Whenever Stormsurge Kraken becomes blocked, you may draw two cards."""	U	U	Commander 2014	18	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Teferi, Temporal Archmage"	4UU	6	Legendary Planeswalker ? Teferi	"+1: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.
?1: Untap up to four target permanents.
?10: You get an emblem with ""You may activate loyalty abilities of planeswalkers you control on any player's turn any time you could cast an instant.""
Teferi, Temporal Archmage can be your commander."	U	U	Commander 2014	19	mythic	Tyler Jacobson		
Well of Ideas	5U	6	Enchantment	"When Well of Ideas enters the battlefield, draw two cards.
At the beginning of each other player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.
At the beginning of your draw step, draw two additional cards."	U	U	Commander 2014	20	rare	Steve Prescott		
Demon of Wailing Agonies	3BB	5	Creature ? Demon	"Flying
Lieutenant ? As long as you control your commander, Demon of Wailing Agonies gets +2/+2 and has ""Whenever Demon of Wailing Agonies deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices a creature."""	B	B	Commander 2014	21	rare	Dave Kendall		
Flesh Carver	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
{1}{B}, Sacrifice another creature: Put two +1/+1 counters on Flesh Carver.
When Flesh Carver dies, create an X/X black Horror creature token, where X is Flesh Carver's power."	B	B	Commander 2014	22	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Ghoulcaller Gisa	3BB	5	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard	"{B}, {T}, Sacrifice another creature: Create X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."	B	B	Commander 2014	23	mythic	Karla Ortiz		
Infernal Offering	4B	5	Sorcery	"Choose an opponent. You and that player each sacrifice a creature. Each player who sacrificed a creature this way draws two cards.
Choose an opponent. Return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then that player returns a creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield."	B	B	Commander 2014	24	rare	Anthony Palumbo		
Ob Nixilis of the Black Oath	3BB	5	Legendary Planeswalker ? Nixilis	"+2: Each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.
?2: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying. You lose 2 life.
?8: You get an emblem with ""{1}{B}, Sacrifice a creature: You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the sacrificed creature's power.""
Ob Nixilis of the Black Oath can be your commander."	B	B	Commander 2014	27	mythic	Daarken		
Raving Dead	4B	5	Creature ? Zombie	"Deathtouch
At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose an opponent at random. Raving Dead attacks that player this combat if able.
Whenever Raving Dead deals combat damage to a player, that player loses half their life, rounded down."	B	B	Commander 2014	29	rare	Daarken		
Spoils of Blood	B	1	Instant	"Create an X/X black Horror creature token, where X is the number of creatures that died this turn."	B	B	Commander 2014	30	rare	Erica Yang		
Wake the Dead	XBB	2	Instant	"Cast this spell only during combat on an opponent's turn.
Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Sacrifice those creatures at the beginning of the next end step."	B	B	Commander 2014	31	rare	Christopher Moeller		
Crown of Doom	3	3	Artifact	"Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
{2}: Target player other than Crown of Doom's owner gains control of it. Activate this ability only during your turn."			Commander 2014	55	rare	Jasper Sandner		
Masterwork of Ingenuity	1	1	Artifact ? Equipment	You may have Masterwork of Ingenuity enter the battlefield as a copy of any Equipment on the battlefield.			Commander 2014	57	rare	Ulrich Brunin		
Entrapment Maneuver	3W	4	Instant	"Target player sacrifices an attacking creature. You create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens, where X is that creature's toughness."	W	W	Commander 2016	2	rare	Filip Burburan		
Selfless Squire	3W	4	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Flash
When Selfless Squire enters the battlefield, prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn.
Whenever damage that would be dealt to you is prevented, put that many +1/+1 counters on Selfless Squire."	W	W	Commander 2016	4	rare	Tony Foti		
Coastal Breach	6U	7	Sorcery	"Undaunted (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each opponent.)
Return all nonland permanents to their owners' hands."	U	U	Commander 2016	6	rare	Titus Lunter		
Faerie Artisans	3U	4	Creature ? Faerie Artificer	"Flying
Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, create a token that's a copy of that creature except it's an artifact in addition to its other types. Then exile all other tokens created with Faerie Artisans."	U	U	Commander 2016	8	rare	Tony Foti		
Cruel Entertainment	6B	7	Sorcery	"Choose target player and another target player. The first player controls the second player during the second player's next turn, and the second player controls the first player during the first player's next turn."	B	B	Commander 2016	11	rare	David Palumbo		
Curse of Vengeance	B	1	Enchantment ? Aura Curse	"Enchant player
Whenever enchanted player casts a spell, put a spite counter on Curse of Vengeance.
When enchanted player loses the game, you gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the number of spite counters on Curse of Vengeance."	B	B	Commander 2016	12	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Curtains' Call	5B	6	Instant	"Undaunted (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each opponent.)
Destroy two target creatures."	B	B	Commander 2016	13	rare	James Ryman		
Magus of the Will	2B	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"{2}{B}, {T}, Exile Magus of the Will: Until end of turn, you may play cards from your graveyard. If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile that card instead."	B	B	Commander 2016	14	rare	Vincent Proce		
Parting Thoughts	2B	3	Sorcery	"Destroy target creature. You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of counters on that creature."	B	B	Commander 2016	15	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Charging Cinderhorn	3R	4	Creature ? Elemental Ox	"Haste
At the beginning of each player's end step, if no creatures attacked this turn, put a fury counter on Charging Cinderhorn. Then Charging Cinderhorn deals damage equal to the number of fury counters on it to that player."	R	R	Commander 2016	16	rare	Lius Lasahido		
Divergent Transformations	6R	7	Instant	"Undaunted (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each opponent.)
Exile two target creatures. For each of those creatures, its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card, puts that card onto the battlefield, then shuffles the rest into their library."	R	R	Commander 2016	17	rare	Kev Walker		
Frenzied Fugue	3R	4	Enchantment ? Aura	"Enchant permanent
When Frenzied Fugue enters the battlefield or at the beginning of your upkeep, gain control of enchanted permanent until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains haste until end of turn."	R	R	Commander 2016	18	uncommon	Tony Foti		
Goblin Spymaster	2R	3	Creature ? Goblin Rogue	"First strike
At the beginning of each opponent's end step, that player creates a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with ""Creatures you control attack each combat if able."""	R	R	Commander 2016	19	rare	Wayne Reynolds		
Runehorn Hellkite	5R	6	Creature ? Dragon	"Flying
{5}{R}, Exile Runehorn Hellkite from your graveyard: Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards."	R	R	Commander 2016	20	rare	Karl Kopinski		
Benefactor's Draught	1G	2	Instant	"Untap all creatures. Until end of turn, whenever a creature an opponent controls blocks, draw a card.
Draw a card."	G	G	Commander 2016	21	rare	Scott Murphy		
Evolutionary Escalation	1G	2	Enchantment	"At the beginning of your upkeep, put three +1/+1 counters on target creature you control and three +1/+1 counters on target creature an opponent controls."	G	G	Commander 2016	22	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Primeval Protector	10G	11	Creature ? Avatar	"This spell costs {1} less to cast for each creature your opponents control.
When Primeval Protector enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control."	G	G	Commander 2016	23	rare	Jaime Jones		
Seeds of Renewal	6G	7	Sorcery	"Undaunted (This spell costs {1} less to cast for each opponent.)
Return up to two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Seeds of Renewal."	G	G	Commander 2016	24	rare	Jesper Ejsing		
Stonehoof Chieftain	7G	8	Creature ? Centaur Warrior	"Trample, indestructible
Whenever another creature you control attacks, it gains trample and indestructible until end of turn."	G	G	Commander 2016	25	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
"Akiri, Line-Slinger"	RW	2	Legendary Creature ? Kor Soldier Ally	"First strike, vigilance
Akiri, Line-Slinger gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	W	W	Commander 2016	26	rare	David Gaillet		
Grave Upheaval	4BR	6	Sorcery	"Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. It gains haste.
Basic landcycling {2} ({2}, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)"	R	R	Commander 2016	31	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
"Kraum, Ludevic's Opus"	3UR	5	Legendary Creature ? Zombie Horror	"Flying, haste
Whenever an opponent casts their second spell each turn, draw a card.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)"	U	U	Commander 2016	34	rare	Aaron Miller		
Prepare // Fight	1W // 3G	6	Instant // Sorcery		G	W	Amonkhet	220	rare	Zack Stella		
Failure // Comply	1U // W	3	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Amonkhet	221	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Rags // Riches	2BB // 5UU	11	Sorcery // Sorcery		U	U	Amonkhet	222	rare	Greg Opalinski		
Cut // Ribbons	1R // XBB	4	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Amonkhet	223	rare	Raymond Swanland		
Heaven // Earth	XG // XRR	3	Instant // Sorcery		R	R	Amonkhet	224	rare	Jonas De Ro		
Farm // Market	2W // 2U	6	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Hour of Devastation	148	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Consign // Oblivion	1U // 4B	7	Instant // Sorcery		U	U	Hour of Devastation	149	uncommon	Sidharth Chaturvedi		
Claim // Fame	B // 1R	3	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Hour of Devastation	150	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Struggle // Survive	2R // 1G	5	Instant // Sorcery		R	R	Hour of Devastation	151	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Appeal // Authority	G // 1W	3	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Hour of Devastation	152	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Leave // Chance	1W // 3R	6	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Hour of Devastation	153	rare	Dan Scott		
Reason // Believe	U // 4G	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		U	U	Hour of Devastation	154	rare	Daarken		
Grind // Dust	1B // 3W	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Hour of Devastation	155	rare	Josh Hass		
Refuse // Cooperate	3R // 2U	7	Instant // Instant		U	U	Hour of Devastation	156	rare	Yongjae Choi		
Driven // Despair	1G // 1B	4	Sorcery // Sorcery		G	G	Hour of Devastation	157	rare	Winona Nelson		
Assure // Assemble	G/WG/W // 4GW	8	Instant // Instant		W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	221	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Connive // Concoct	2U/BU/B // 3UB	9	Sorcery // Sorcery		U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	222	rare	Dan Scott		
Discovery // Dispersal	1U/B // 3UB	7	Sorcery // Instant		U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	223	uncommon	Mark Behm		
Expansion // Explosion	U/RU/R // XUURR	6	Instant // Instant		U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	224	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
Find // Finality	B/GB/G // 4BG	8	Sorcery // Sorcery		G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	225	rare	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Flower // Flourish	G/W // 4GW	7	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	226	uncommon	Dmitry Burmak		
Integrity // Intervention	R/W // 2RW	5	Instant // Instant		W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	227	uncommon	Ben Maier		
Invert // Invent	U/R // 4UR	7	Instant // Instant		U	U	Guilds of Ravnica	228	uncommon	Mathias Kollros		
Response // Resurgence	R/WR/W // 3RW	7	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Guilds of Ravnica	229	rare	Daarken		
Status // Statue	B/G // 2BG	5	Instant // Instant		G	G	Guilds of Ravnica	230	uncommon	Ben Wootten		
Bedeck // Bedazzle	B/RB/R // 4BR	8	Instant // Instant		R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	221	rare	Randy Vargas		
Carnival // Carnage	B/R // 2BR	5	Instant // Sorcery		R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	222	uncommon	Zoltan Boros		
Collision // Colossus	1R/G // RG	4	Instant // Instant		R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	223	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Consecrate // Consume	1W/B // 2WB	6	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	224	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Depose // Deploy	1W/U // 2WU	6	Instant // Instant		W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	225	uncommon	Sara Winters		
Incubation // Incongruity	G/U // 1GU	4	Sorcery // Instant		U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	226	uncommon	Mike Bierek		
Repudiate // Replicate	G/UG/U // 1GU	5	Instant // Sorcery		U	U	Ravnica Allegiance	227	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Revival // Revenge	W/BW/B // 4WB	8	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	228	rare	Paul Scott Canavan		
Thrash // Threat	R/GR/G // 2RG	6	Instant // Sorcery		R	R	Ravnica Allegiance	229	rare	Winona Nelson		
Warrant // Warden	W/UW/U // 3WU	7	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Ravnica Allegiance	230	rare	Matt Stewart		
Stand // Deliver	W // 2U	4	Instant // Instant		W	W	Invasion	292	uncommon	David Martin		
Spite // Malice	3U // 3B	8	Instant // Instant		U	U	Invasion	293	uncommon	David Martin		
Pain // Suffering	B // 3R	5	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Invasion	294	uncommon	David Martin		
Wax // Wane	G // W	2	Instant // Instant		W	W	Invasion	296	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Illusion // Reality	U // 2G	4	Instant // Instant		U	U	Apocalypse	129	uncommon	John Avon & David Martin		
Life // Death	G // 1B	3	Sorcery // Sorcery		G	G	Apocalypse	130	uncommon	"Anthony S. Waters & Edward P. Beard, Jr."		
Night // Day	B // 2W	4	Instant // Instant		W	W	Apocalypse	131	uncommon	Christopher Moeller & Anthony S. Waters		
Order // Chaos	3W // 2R	7	Instant // Instant		W	W	Apocalypse	132	uncommon	Tim Hildebrandt & Tim Hildebrandt		
Fire // Ice	1R // 1U	4	Instant // Instant		U	U	Apocalypse	128	uncommon	David Martin & Franz Vohwinkel		
Dead // Gone	R // 2R	4	Instant // Instant		R	R	Planar Chaos	113	common	Tomas Giorello		
Cloistered Youth // Unholy Fiend		2	Creature ? Human // Creature ? Horror			W	Innistrad	8	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Thraben Sentry // Thraben Militia		4	Creature ? Human Soldier // Creature ? Human Soldier			W	Innistrad	38	common	David Rapoza		
Civilized Scholar // Homicidal Brute		3	Creature ? Human Advisor // Creature ? Human Mutant			U	Innistrad	47	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Delver of Secrets // Insectile Aberration		1	Creature ? Human Wizard // Creature ? Human Insect			U	Innistrad	51	common	Nils Hamm		
Ludevic's Test Subject // Ludevic's Abomination		2	Creature ? Lizard Egg // Creature ? Lizard Horror			U	Innistrad	64	rare	Nils Hamm		
Bloodline Keeper // Lord of Lineage		4	Creature ? Vampire // Creature ? Vampire			B	Innistrad	90	rare	Jason Chan		
Screeching Bat // Stalking Vampire		3	Creature ? Bat // Creature ? Vampire			B	Innistrad	114	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Hanweir Watchkeep // Bane of Hanweir		3	Creature ? Human Warrior Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	145	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Instigator Gang // Wildblood Pack		4	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	149	rare	Greg Staples		
Kruin Outlaw // Terror of Kruin Pass		3	Creature ? Human Rogue Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	152	rare	David Rapoza		
Reckless Waif // Merciless Predator		1	Creature ? Human Rogue Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	159	uncommon	Michael C. Hayes		
Tormented Pariah // Rampaging Werewolf		4	Creature ? Human Warrior Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	165	common	Bud Cook		
Village Ironsmith // Ironfang		2	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	168	common	Christopher Moeller		
Daybreak Ranger // Nightfall Predator		3	Creature ? Human Archer Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Innistrad	176	rare	Steve Prescott		
"Garruk Relentless // Garruk, the Veil-Cursed"		4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Garruk // Legendary Planeswalker ? Garruk			G	Innistrad	181	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
Gatstaf Shepherd // Gatstaf Howler		2	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Innistrad	182	uncommon	Mark Evans		
Grizzled Outcasts // Krallenhorde Wantons		5	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Innistrad	185	common	Randy Gallegos		
Mayor of Avabruck // Howlpack Alpha		2	Creature ? Human Advisor Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Innistrad	193	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Ulvenwald Mystics // Ulvenwald Primordials		4	Creature ? Human Shaman Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Innistrad	208	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Villagers of Estwald // Howlpack of Estwald		3	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Innistrad	209	common	Kev Walker		
Loyal Cathar // Unhallowed Cathar		2	Creature ? Human Soldier // Creature ? Zombie Soldier			W	Dark Ascension	13	common	Ryan Pancoast		
Soul Seizer // Ghastly Haunting		5	Creature ? Spirit // Enchantment ? Aura			U	Dark Ascension	50	uncommon	Lucas Graciano		
Chosen of Markov // Markov's Servant		3	Creature ? Human // Creature ? Vampire			B	Dark Ascension	55	common	Steve Argyle		
Ravenous Demon // Archdemon of Greed		5	Creature ? Demon // Creature ? Demon			B	Dark Ascension	71	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Afflicted Deserter // Werewolf Ransacker		4	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Dark Ascension	81	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Hinterland Hermit // Hinterland Scourge		2	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Dark Ascension	94	common	Steven Belledin		
Mondronen Shaman // Tovolar's Magehunter		4	Creature ? Human Shaman Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Dark Ascension	98	rare	Mike Sass		
Lambholt Elder // Silverpelt Werewolf		3	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Dark Ascension	122	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Scorned Villager // Moonscarred Werewolf		2	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Dark Ascension	125	common	Cynthia Sheppard		
Wolfbitten Captive // Krallenhorde Killer		1	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Dark Ascension	133	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Huntmaster of the Fells // Ravager of the Fells		4	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Dark Ascension	140	mythic	Chris Rahn		
Chalice of Life // Chalice of Death		3	Artifact // Artifact				Dark Ascension	146	uncommon	Ryan Yee		
"Elbrus, the Binding Blade // Withengar Unbound"		7	Legendary Artifact ? Equipment // Legendary Creature ? Demon			B	Dark Ascension	147	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Archangel Avacyn // Avacyn, the Purifier"		5	Legendary Creature ? Angel // Legendary Creature ? Angel			W	Shadows over Innistrad	5	mythic	James Ryman		
Avacynian Missionaries // Lunarch Inquisitors		4	Creature ? Human Cleric // Creature ? Human Cleric			W	Shadows over Innistrad	6	uncommon	Wayne Reynolds		
Hanweir Militia Captain // Westvale Cult Leader		2	Creature ? Human Soldier // Creature ? Human Cleric			W	Shadows over Innistrad	21	rare	David Palumbo		
Pious Evangel // Wayward Disciple		3	Creature ? Human Cleric // Creature ? Human Cleric			W	Shadows over Innistrad	34	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Town Gossipmonger // Incited Rabble		1	Creature ? Human // Creature ? Human			W	Shadows over Innistrad	46	uncommon	John Stanko		
Aberrant Researcher // Perfected Form		4	Creature ? Human Insect // Creature ? Insect Horror			U	Shadows over Innistrad	49	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Daring Sleuth // Bearer of Overwhelming Truths		2	Creature ? Human Rogue // Creature ? Human Wizard			U	Shadows over Innistrad	54	uncommon	Seb McKinnon		
Startled Awake // Persistent Nightmare		4	Sorcery // Creature ? Nightmare			U	Shadows over Innistrad	88	mythic	Sean Sevestre		
Thing in the Ice // Awoken Horror		2	Creature ? Horror // Creature ? Kraken Horror			U	Shadows over Innistrad	92	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Uninvited Geist // Unimpeded Trespasser		3	Creature ? Spirit // Creature ? Spirit			U	Shadows over Innistrad	94	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Accursed Witch // Infectious Curse		4	Creature ? Human Shaman // Enchantment ? Aura Curse			B	Shadows over Innistrad	97	uncommon	Wesley Burt		
Elusive Tormentor // Insidious Mist		4	Creature ? Vampire Wizard // Creature ? Elemental			U	Shadows over Innistrad	108	rare	Izzy		
Heir of Falkenrath // Heir to the Night		2	Creature ? Vampire // Creature ? Vampire Berserker			B	Shadows over Innistrad	116	uncommon	Jason Rainville		
Kindly Stranger // Demon-Possessed Witch		3	Creature ? Human // Creature ? Human Shaman			B	Shadows over Innistrad	119	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Breakneck Rider // Neck Breaker		3	Creature ? Human Scout Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Shadows over Innistrad	147	uncommon	Victor Adame Minguez		
Convicted Killer // Branded Howler		3	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Shadows over Innistrad	149	common	Deruchenko Alexander		
Gatstaf Arsonists // Gatstaf Ravagers		5	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Shadows over Innistrad	158	common	Greg Staples		
Geier Reach Bandit // Vildin-Pack Alpha		3	Creature ? Human Rogue Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Shadows over Innistrad	159	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Kessig Forgemaster // Flameheart Werewolf		2	Creature ? Human Shaman Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Shadows over Innistrad	169	uncommon	Winona Nelson		
Skin Invasion // Skin Shedder		1	Enchantment ? Aura // Creature ? Insect Horror			R	Shadows over Innistrad	182	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Village Messenger // Moonrise Intruder		1	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			R	Shadows over Innistrad	190	uncommon	Daarken		
Autumnal Gloom // Ancient of the Equinox		3	Enchantment // Creature ? Treefolk			G	Shadows over Innistrad	194	uncommon	Jaime Jones		
Duskwatch Recruiter // Krallenhorde Howler		2	Creature ? Human Warrior Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Shadows over Innistrad	203	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Hermit of the Natterknolls // Lone Wolf of the Natterknolls		3	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Shadows over Innistrad	209	uncommon	Dan Scott		
Hinterland Logger // Timber Shredder		2	Creature ? Human Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Shadows over Innistrad	210	common	Karl Kopinski		
Lambholt Pacifist // Lambholt Butcher		2	Creature ? Human Shaman Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Shadows over Innistrad	215	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Sage of Ancient Lore // Werewolf of Ancient Hunger		5	Creature ? Human Shaman Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Shadows over Innistrad	225	rare	Slawomir Maniak		
Solitary Hunter // One of the Pack		4	Creature ? Human Warrior Werewolf // Creature ? Werewolf			G	Shadows over Innistrad	229	common	Craig J Spearing		
"Arlinn Kord // Arlinn, Embraced by the Moon"		4	Legendary Planeswalker ? Arlinn // Legendary Planeswalker ? Arlinn			R	Shadows over Innistrad	243	mythic	Winona Nelson		
Harvest Hand // Scrounged Scythe		3	Artifact Creature ? Scarecrow // Artifact ? Equipment				Shadows over Innistrad	256	uncommon	Jason Felix		
Neglected Heirloom // Ashmouth Blade		1	Artifact ? Equipment // Artifact ? Equipment				Shadows over Innistrad	260	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Thraben Gargoyle // Stonewing Antagonizer		1	Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle // Artifact Creature ? Gargoyle Horror				Shadows over Innistrad	266	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
"Westvale Abbey // Ormendahl, Profane Prince"		0	Land // Legendary Creature ? Demon			B	Shadows over Innistrad	281	rare	Min Yum		
Extricator of Sin // Extricator of Flesh		3	Creature ? Human Cleric // Creature ? Eldrazi Horror			W	Eldritch Moon	23	uncommon	Craig J Spearing		
Lone Rider // It That Rides as One		2	Creature ? Human Knight // Creature ? Eldrazi Horror			W	Eldritch Moon	33	uncommon	Daarken		
Curious Homunculus // Voracious Reader		2	Creature ? Homunculus // Creature ? Eldrazi Homunculus			U	Eldritch Moon	54	uncommon	Filip Burburan		
Docent of Perfection // Final Iteration		5	Creature ? Insect Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Insect			U	Eldritch Moon	56	rare	Nils Hamm		
Grizzled Angler // Grisly Anglerfish		3	Creature ? Human // Creature ? Eldrazi Fish			U	Eldritch Moon	63	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Voldaren Pariah // Abolisher of Bloodlines		5	Creature ? Vampire Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Vampire			B	Eldritch Moon	111	rare	James Ryman		
Conduit of Storms // Conduit of Emrakul		3	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			R	Eldritch Moon	124	uncommon	Raymond Swanland		
Smoldering Werewolf // Erupting Dreadwolf		4	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			R	Eldritch Moon	142	uncommon	Zack Stella		
Vildin-Pack Outcast // Dronepack Kindred		5	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			R	Eldritch Moon	148	common	Jose Cabrera		
Kessig Prowler // Sinuous Predator		1	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			G	Eldritch Moon	163	uncommon	Slawomir Maniak		
Shrill Howler // Howling Chorus		3	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			G	Eldritch Moon	168	uncommon	Matt Stewart		
Tangleclaw Werewolf // Fibrous Entangler		4	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			G	Eldritch Moon	174	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Ulvenwald Captive // Ulvenwald Abomination		2	Creature ? Werewolf Horror // Creature ? Eldrazi Werewolf			G	Eldritch Moon	175	common	Chris Rahn		
"Ulrich of the Krallenhorde // Ulrich, Uncontested Alpha"		5	Legendary Creature ? Human Werewolf // Legendary Creature ? Werewolf			R	Eldritch Moon	191	mythic	Slawomir Maniak		
Cryptolith Fragment // Aurora of Emrakul		3	Artifact // Creature ? Eldrazi Reflection				Eldritch Moon	193	uncommon	John Avon		
"Legion's Landing // Adanto, the First Fort"		1	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			W	Ixalan	22	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
"Search for Azcanta // Azcanta, the Sunken Ruin"		2	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			U	Ixalan	74	rare	Magali Villeneuve		
Arguel's Blood Fast // Temple of Aclazotz		2	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			B	Ixalan	90	rare	Daarken		
Vance's Blasting Cannons // Spitfire Bastion		4	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			R	Ixalan	173	rare	Jonas De Ro		
"Growing Rites of Itlimoc // Itlimoc, Cradle of the Sun"		3	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			G	Ixalan	191	rare	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Conqueror's Galleon // Conqueror's Foothold		4	Artifact ? Vehicle // Land				Ixalan	234	rare	Emrah Elmasli		
Dowsing Dagger // Lost Vale		2	Artifact ? Equipment // Land				Ixalan	235	rare	Florian de Gesincourt		
Primal Amulet // Primal Wellspring		4	Artifact // Land				Ixalan	243	rare	John Avon		
Thaumatic Compass // Spires of Orazca		2	Artifact // Land				Ixalan	249	rare	Yeong-Hao Han		
Treasure Map // Treasure Cove		2	Artifact // Land				Ixalan	250	rare	Cliff Childs		
Hadana's Climb // Winged Temple of Orazca		3	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			U	Rivals of Ixalan	158	rare	Titus Lunter		
"Journey to Eternity // Atzal, Cave of Eternity"		3	Legendary Enchantment ? Aura // Legendary Land			G	Rivals of Ixalan	160	rare	Deruchenko Alexander		
"Path of Mettle // Metzali, Tower of Triumph"		2	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			W	Rivals of Ixalan	165	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Profane Procession // Tomb of the Dusk Rose		3	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			W	Rivals of Ixalan	166	rare	Bastien L. Deharme		
Storm the Vault // Vault of Catlacan		4	Legendary Enchantment // Legendary Land			U	Rivals of Ixalan	173	rare	Victor Adame Minguez		
Azor's Gateway // Sanctum of the Sun		2	Legendary Artifact // Legendary Land				Rivals of Ixalan	176	mythic	Yeong-Hao Han		
Golden Guardian // Gold-Forge Garrison		4	Artifact Creature ? Golem // Land				Rivals of Ixalan	179	rare	Svetlin Velinov		
Bushi Tenderfoot // Kenzo the Hardhearted	W	1	Creature ? Human Soldier // Legendary Creature ? Human Samurai		W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	2	uncommon	Mark Zug		
"Kitsune Mystic // Autumn-Tail, Kitsune Sage"	3W	4	Creature ? Fox Wizard // Legendary Creature ? Fox Wizard		W	W	Champions of Kamigawa	28	rare	Jim Murray		
Jushi Apprentice // Tomoya the Revealer	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard // Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard		U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	70	rare	Glen Angus		
"Student of Elements // Tobita, Master of Winds"	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard // Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard		U	U	Champions of Kamigawa	93	uncommon	Ittoku		
Nezumi Graverobber // Nighteyes the Desecrator	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Rogue // Legendary Creature ? Rat Wizard		B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	129	uncommon	Jim Nelson		
Nezumi Shortfang // Stabwhisker the Odious	1B	2	Creature ? Rat Rogue // Legendary Creature ? Rat Shaman		B	B	Champions of Kamigawa	131	rare	Daren Bader		
"Akki Lavarunner // Tok-Tok, Volcano Born"	3R	4	Creature ? Goblin Warrior // Legendary Creature ? Goblin Shaman		R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	153	rare	Matt Cavotta		
Initiate of Blood // Goka the Unjust	3R	4	Creature ? Ogre Shaman // Legendary Creature ? Ogre Shaman		R	R	Champions of Kamigawa	173	uncommon	Carl Critchlow		
"Budoka Gardener // Dokai, Weaver of Life"	1G	2	Creature ? Human Monk // Legendary Creature ? Human Monk		G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	202	rare	Kev Walker		
"Orochi Eggwatcher // Shidako, Broodmistress"	2G	3	Creature ? Snake Shaman // Legendary Creature ? Snake Shaman		G	G	Champions of Kamigawa	233	uncommon	Dan Scott		
"Faithful Squire // Kaiso, Memory of Loyalty"	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Soldier // Legendary Creature ? Spirit		W	W	Betrayers of Kamigawa	3	uncommon	Mark Zug		
Callow Jushi // Jaraku the Interloper	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard // Legendary Creature ? Spirit		U	U	Betrayers of Kamigawa	31	uncommon	Tsutomu Kawade		
Hired Muscle // Scarmaker	1BB	3	Creature ? Human Warrior // Legendary Creature ? Spirit		B	B	Betrayers of Kamigawa	69	uncommon	Arnie Swekel		
"Cunning Bandit // Azamuki, Treachery Incarnate"	1RR	3	Creature ? Human Warrior // Legendary Creature ? Spirit		R	R	Betrayers of Kamigawa	99	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
"Budoka Pupil // Ichiga, Who Topples Oaks"	1GG	3	Creature ? Human Monk // Legendary Creature ? Spirit		G	G	Betrayers of Kamigawa	122	uncommon	Shishizaru		
"Rune-Tail, Kitsune Ascendant // Rune-Tail's Essence"	2W	3	Legendary Creature ? Fox Monk // Legendary Enchantment		W	W	Saviors of Kamigawa	27	rare	Randy Gallegos		
"Erayo, Soratami Ascendant // Erayo's Essence"	1U	2	Legendary Creature ? Moonfolk Monk // Legendary Enchantment		U	U	Saviors of Kamigawa	35	rare	Matt Cavotta		
"Kuon, Ogre Ascendant // Kuon's Essence"	BBB	3	Legendary Creature ? Ogre Monk // Legendary Enchantment		B	B	Saviors of Kamigawa	78	rare	Hideaki Takamura		
"Homura, Human Ascendant // Homura's Essence"	4RR	6	Legendary Creature ? Human Monk // Legendary Enchantment		R	R	Saviors of Kamigawa	103	rare	Kev Walker		
"Sasaya, Orochi Ascendant // Sasaya's Essence"	1GG	3	Legendary Creature ? Snake Monk // Legendary Enchantment		G	G	Saviors of Kamigawa	145	rare	Christopher Moeller		
"Kytheon, Hero of Akros // Gideon, Battle-Forged"		1	Legendary Creature ? Human Soldier // Legendary Planeswalker ? Gideon			W	Magic Origins	23	mythic	Willian Murai		
"Jace, Vryn's Prodigy // Jace, Telepath Unbound"		2	Legendary Creature ? Human Wizard // Legendary Planeswalker ? Jace			U	Magic Origins	60	mythic	Jaime Jones		
"Liliana, Heretical Healer // Liliana, Defiant Necromancer"		3	Legendary Creature ? Human Cleric // Legendary Planeswalker ? Liliana			B	Magic Origins	106	mythic	Karla Ortiz		
"Chandra, Fire of Kaladesh // Chandra, Roaring Flame"		3	Legendary Creature ? Human Shaman // Legendary Planeswalker ? Chandra			R	Magic Origins	135	mythic	Eric Deschamps		
"Nissa, Vastwood Seer // Nissa, Sage Animist"		3	Legendary Creature ? Elf Scout // Legendary Planeswalker ? Nissa			G	Magic Origins	189	mythic	Wesley Burt		
"Nicol Bolas, the Ravager // Nicol Bolas, the Arisen"		4	Legendary Creature ? Elder Dragon // Legendary Planeswalker ? Bolas			U	Core Set 2019	218	mythic	Svetlin Velinov		
Assault // Battery	R // 3G	5	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Planechase	103	uncommon	Ben Thompson		
Rise // Fall	UB // BR	4	Sorcery // Sorcery		U	U	Duel Decks: Ajani vs. Nicol Bolas	73	uncommon	Pete Venters		
Rough // Tumble	1R // 5R	8	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Commander 2013	118	uncommon	Luca Zontini		
Trial // Error	WU // UB	4	Instant // Instant		W	W	Commander 2016	239	uncommon	Ron Spears & Wayne Reynolds		
Turn // Burn	2U // 1R	5	Instant // Instant		U	U	GRN Guild Kit	45	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
"Brisela, Voice of Nightmares"		11	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi Angel	"Flying, first strike, vigilance, lifelink
Your opponents can't cast spells with converted mana cost 3 or less."		W	Eldritch Moon Promos	15	mythic	Clint Cearley		
"Hanweir, the Writhing Township"		3	Legendary Creature ? Eldrazi Ooze	"Trample, haste
Whenever Hanweir, the Writhing Township attacks, create two 3/2 colorless Eldrazi Horror creature tokens that are tapped and attacking."		R	Eldritch Moon Promos	130	rare	Vincent Proce		
Dusk // Dawn	2WW // 3WW	9	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Amonkhet Promos	210	rare	Noah Bradley		
Commit // Memory	3U // 4UU	10	Instant // Sorcery		U	U	Amonkhet Promos	211	rare	Ryan Alexander Lee		
Never // Return	1BB // 3B	7	Sorcery // Sorcery		B	B	Amonkhet Promos	212	rare	Daarken		
Insult // Injury	2R // 2R	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Amonkhet Promos	213	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Mouth // Feed	2G // 3G	7	Sorcery // Sorcery		G	G	Amonkhet Promos	214	rare	Zack Stella		
Breaking // Entering	UB // 4BR	8	Sorcery // Sorcery		U	U	Dragon's Maze Promos	124	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Guul Draz Assassin	B	1	Creature ? Vampire Assassin	"Level up {1}{B} ({1}{B}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 2-3
2/2
{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
LEVEL 4+
4/4
{B}, {T}: Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi Promos	112	rare	Jason A. Engle		
Lord of Shatterskull Pass	3R	4	Creature ? Minotaur Shaman	"Level up {1}{R} ({1}{R}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-5
6/6
LEVEL 6+
6/6
Whenever Lord of Shatterskull Pass attacks, it deals 6 damage to each creature defending player controls."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi Promos	156	rare	Igor Kieryluk		
Fall of the Thran	5W	6	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I ? Destroy all lands.
II, III ? Each player returns two land cards from their graveyard to the battlefield."	W	W	Dominaria Promos	18	rare	Jason Felix		
History of Benalia	1WW	3	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
III ? Knights you control get +2/+1 until end of turn."	W	W	Dominaria Promos	21	mythic	Noah Bradley		
The Antiquities War	3U	4	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
III ? Artifacts you control become artifact creatures with base power and toughness 5/5 until end of turn."	U	U	Dominaria Promos	42	rare	Mark Tedin		
The Mirari Conjecture	4U	5	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I ? Return target instant card from your graveyard to your hand.
II ? Return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
III ? Until end of turn, whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy."	U	U	Dominaria Promos	57	rare	James Arnold		
Phyrexian Scriptures	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I ? Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. That creature becomes an artifact in addition to its other types.
II ? Destroy all nonartifact creatures.
III ? Exile all cards from all opponents' graveyards."	B	B	Dominaria Promos	100	mythic	Joseph Meehan		
Rite of Belzenlok	2BB	4	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Create two 0/1 black Cleric creature tokens.
III ? Create a 6/6 black Demon creature token with flying, trample, and ""At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice another creature. If you can't, this creature deals 6 damage to you."""	B	B	Dominaria Promos	102	rare	Seb McKinnon		
The First Eruption	2R	3	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I ? The First Eruption deals 1 damage to each creature without flying.
II ? Add {R}{R}.
III ? Sacrifice a Mountain. If you do, The First Eruption deals 3 damage to each creature."	R	R	Dominaria Promos	122	rare	Steven Belledin		
The Mending of Dominaria	3GG	5	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard, then you may return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
III ? Return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield, then shuffle your graveyard into your library."	G	G	Dominaria Promos	173	rare	Adam Paquette		
Supply // Demand	XGW // 1WU	5	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Salvat 2005	16	uncommon	Daren Bader		
Caravan Escort	W	1	Creature ? Human Knight	"Level up {2} ({2}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-4
2/2
LEVEL 5+
5/5
First strike"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	15	common	Goran Josic		
Hedron-Field Purists	2W	3	Creature ? Human Cleric	"Level up {2}{W} ({2}{W}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-4
1/4
If a source would deal damage to you or a creature you control, prevent 1 of that damage.
LEVEL 5+
2/5
If a source would deal damage to you or a creature you control, prevent 2 of that damage."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	25	rare	Scott Chou		
Ikiral Outrider	1W	2	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Level up {4} ({4}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-3
2/6
Vigilance
LEVEL 4+
3/10
Vigilance"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	27	common	Kekai Kotaki		
Kabira Vindicator	3W	4	Creature ? Human Knight	"Level up {2}{W} ({2}{W}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 2-4
3/6
Other creatures you control get +1/+1.
LEVEL 5+
4/8
Other creatures you control get +2/+2."	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	28	uncommon	Steven Belledin		
Knight of Cliffhaven	1W	2	Creature ? Kor Knight	"Level up {3} ({3}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-3
2/3
Flying
LEVEL 4+
4/4
Flying, vigilance"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	29	common	Matt Cavotta		
Student of Warfare	W	1	Creature ? Human Knight	"Level up {W} ({W}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 2-6
3/3
First strike
LEVEL 7+
4/4
Double strike"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	47	rare	Volkan Ba?a		
Transcendent Master	1WW	3	Creature ? Human Cleric Avatar	"Level up {1} ({1}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 6-11
6/6
Lifelink
LEVEL 12+
9/9
Lifelink, indestructible"	W	W	Rise of the Eldrazi	51	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Coralhelm Commander	UU	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Level up {1} ({1}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 2-3
3/3
Flying
LEVEL 4+
4/4
Flying
Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	57	rare	Jaime Jones		
Echo Mage	1UU	3	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Level up {1}{U} ({1}{U}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 2-3
2/4
{U}{U}, {T}: Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
LEVEL 4+
2/5
{U}{U}, {T}: Copy target instant or sorcery spell twice. You may choose new targets for the copies."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	64	rare	Matt Stewart		
Enclave Cryptologist	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Level up {1}{U} ({1}{U}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-2
0/1
{T}: Draw a card, then discard a card.
LEVEL 3+
0/1
{T}: Draw a card."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	66	uncommon	Igor Kieryluk		
Hada Spy Patrol	1U	2	Creature ? Human Rogue	"Level up {2}{U} ({2}{U}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-2
2/2
Hada Spy Patrol can't be blocked.
LEVEL 3+
3/3
Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)
Hada Spy Patrol can't be blocked."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	71	uncommon	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Halimar Wavewatch	1U	2	Creature ? Merfolk Soldier	"Level up {2} ({2}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-4
0/6
LEVEL 5+
6/6
Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	72	common	Matt Stewart		
Lighthouse Chronologist	1U	2	Creature ? Human Wizard	"Level up {U} ({U}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 4-6
2/4
LEVEL 7+
3/5
At the beginning of each end step, if it's not your turn, take an extra turn after this one."	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	75	mythic	Steven Belledin		
Skywatcher Adept	U	1	Creature ? Merfolk Wizard	"Level up {3} ({3}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-2
2/2
Flying
LEVEL 3+
4/2
Flying"	U	U	Rise of the Eldrazi	88	common	Tomasz Jedruszek		
Nirkana Cutthroat	2B	3	Creature ? Vampire Warrior	"Level up {2}{B} ({2}{B}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-2
4/3
Deathtouch
LEVEL 3+
5/4
First strike, deathtouch"	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	119	uncommon	Erica Yang		
Null Champion	1B	2	Creature ? Zombie Warrior	"Level up {3} ({3}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-3
4/2
LEVEL 4+
7/3
{B}: Regenerate Null Champion."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	121	common	Chris Rahn		
Zulaport Enforcer	B	1	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Level up {4} ({4}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-2
3/3
LEVEL 3+
5/5
Zulaport Enforcer can't be blocked except by black creatures."	B	B	Rise of the Eldrazi	133	common	Matt Stewart		
Brimstone Mage	2R	3	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Level up {3}{R} ({3}{R}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-2
2/3
{T}: Brimstone Mage deals 1 damage to any target.
LEVEL 3+
2/4
{T}: Brimstone Mage deals 3 damage to any target."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	137	uncommon	Volkan Ba?a		
Kargan Dragonlord	RR	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Level up {R} ({R}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 4-7
4/4
Flying
LEVEL 8+
8/8
Flying, trample
{R}: Kargan Dragonlord gets +1/+0 until end of turn."	R	R	Rise of the Eldrazi	152	mythic	Jason Chan		
Beastbreaker of Bala Ged	1G	2	Creature ? Human Warrior	"Level up {2}{G} ({2}{G}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-3
4/4
LEVEL 4+
6/6
Trample"	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	178	uncommon	Karl Kopinski		
Joraga Treespeaker	G	1	Creature ? Elf Druid	"Level up {1}{G} ({1}{G}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 1-4
1/2
{T}: Add {G}{G}.
LEVEL 5+
1/4
Elves you control have ""{T}: Add {G}{G}."""	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	190	uncommon	Cyril Van Der Haegen		
Kazandu Tuskcaller	1G	2	Creature ? Human Shaman	"Level up {1}{G} ({1}{G}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 2-5
1/1
{T}: Create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.
LEVEL 6+
1/1
{T}: Create two 3/3 green Elephant creature tokens."	G	G	Rise of the Eldrazi	191	rare	Mike Bierek		
Chittering Host		7	Creature ? Eldrazi Horror	"Haste
Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
When Chittering Host enters the battlefield, other creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain menace until end of turn."		B	Eldritch Moon	96	common	Jason Felix		
Triumph of Gerrard	1W	2	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with the greatest power.
III ? Target creature you control with the greatest power gains flying, first strike, and lifelink until end of turn."	W	W	Dominaria	38	uncommon	Daniel Ljunggren		
Time of Ice	3U	4	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Tap target creature an opponent controls. It doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as you control Time of Ice.
III ? Return all tapped creatures to their owners' hands."	U	U	Dominaria	70	uncommon	Franz Vohwinkel		
Chainer's Torment	3B	4	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Chainer's Torment deals 2 damage to each opponent and you gain 2 life.
III ? Create an X/X black Nightmare Horror creature token, where X is half your life total, rounded up. It deals X damage to you."	B	B	Dominaria	82	uncommon	Vincent Proce		
The Eldest Reborn	4B	5	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I ? Each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.
II ? Each opponent discards a card.
III ? Put target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control."	B	B	Dominaria	90	uncommon	Jenn Ravenna		
The Flame of Keld	1R	2	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I ? Discard your hand.
II ? Draw two cards.
III ? If a red source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player this turn, it deals that much damage plus 2 to that permanent or player instead."	R	R	Dominaria	123	uncommon	Lake Hurwitz		
Song of Freyalise	1G	2	Enchantment ? Saga	"(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II ? Until your next turn, creatures you control gain ""{T}: Add one mana of any color.""
III ? Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Those creatures gain vigilance, trample, and indestructible until end of turn."	G	G	Dominaria	179	uncommon	Min Yum		
Hexdrinker	G	1	Creature ? Snake	"Level up {1} ({1}: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)
LEVEL 3-7
4/4
Protection from instants
LEVEL 8+
6/6
Protection from everything"	G	G	Modern Horizons	168	mythic	Forrest Imel		
Bound // Determined	3BG // GU	7	Instant // Instant		U	U	Dissension	149	rare	Jim Nelson		
Crime // Punishment	3WB // XBG	7	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Dissension	150	rare	Randy Gallegos		
Hide // Seek	RW // WB	4	Instant // Instant		W	W	Dissension	151	rare	Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai		
Hit // Run	1BR // 3RG	8	Instant // Instant		R	R	Dissension	152	uncommon	Darrell Riche		
Odds // Ends	UR // 3RW	7	Instant // Instant		W	W	Dissension	153	rare	Michael Sutfin		
Pure // Simple	1RG // 1GW	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Dissension	154	uncommon	Paolo Parente		
Research // Development	GU // 3UR	7	Instant // Instant		U	U	Dissension	155	rare	Greg Staples		
Boom // Bust	1R // 5R	8	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Planar Chaos	112	rare	John Avon		
Alive // Well	3G // W	5	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Dragon's Maze	121	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Armed // Dangerous	1R // 3G	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Dragon's Maze	122	uncommon	David Palumbo		
Beck // Call	GU // 4WU	8	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Dragon's Maze	123	rare	Adam Paquette		
Catch // Release	1UR // 4RW	9	Sorcery // Sorcery		W	W	Dragon's Maze	125	rare	Kev Walker		
Down // Dirty	3B // 2G	7	Sorcery // Sorcery		G	G	Dragon's Maze	126	uncommon	Svetlin Velinov		
Far // Away	1U // 2B	5	Instant // Instant		U	U	Dragon's Maze	127	uncommon	Greg Staples		
Flesh // Blood	3BG // RG	7	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Dragon's Maze	128	rare	Lucas Graciano		
Give // Take	2G // 2U	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		U	U	Dragon's Maze	129	uncommon	Steve Prescott		
Profit // Loss	1W // 2B	5	Instant // Instant		W	W	Dragon's Maze	130	uncommon	Kev Walker		
Protect // Serve	2W // 1U	5	Instant // Instant		W	W	Dragon's Maze	131	uncommon	Ryan Barger		
Ready // Willing	1GW // 1WB	6	Instant // Instant		W	W	Dragon's Maze	132	rare	Zoltan Boros		
Toil // Trouble	2B // 2R	6	Sorcery // Sorcery		R	R	Dragon's Maze	133	uncommon	Nils Hamm		
Wear // Tear	1R // W	3	Instant // Instant		W	W	Dragon's Maze	135	uncommon	Ryan Pancoast		
Start // Finish	2W // 2B	6	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Amonkhet	215	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Reduce // Rubble	2U // 2R	6	Instant // Sorcery		U	U	Amonkhet	216	uncommon	Eric Deschamps		
Destined // Lead	1B // 3G	6	Instant // Sorcery		G	G	Amonkhet	217	uncommon	Magali Villeneuve		
Onward // Victory	2R // 2W	6	Instant // Sorcery		W	W	Amonkhet	218	uncommon	Grzegorz Rutkowski		
Spring // Mind	2G // 4UU	9	Sorcery // Instant		U	U	Amonkhet	219	uncommon	Josu Hernaiz		
Hanweir Battlements		0	Land	"{T}: Add {C}.
{R}, {T}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
{3}{R}{R}, {T}: If you both own and control Hanweir Battlements and a creature named Hanweir Garrison, exile them, then meld them into Hanweir, the Writhing Township."		R	Eldritch Moon Promos	204	rare	Vincent Proce		
"Bruna, the Fading Light"	5WW	7	Legendary Creature ? Angel Horror	"When you cast this spell, you may return target Angel or Human creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Flying, vigilance
(Melds with Gisela, the Broken Blade.)"	W	W	Eldritch Moon Promos	15	rare	Clint Cearley		
"Gisela, the Broken Blade"	2WW	4	Legendary Creature ? Angel Horror	"Flying, first strike, lifelink
At the beginning of your end step, if you both own and control Gisela, the Broken Blade and a creature named Bruna, the Fading Light, exile them, then meld them into Brisela, Voice of Nightmares."	W	W	Eldritch Moon Promos	28	mythic	Clint Cearley		
Hanweir Garrison	2R	3	Creature ? Human Soldier	"Whenever Hanweir Garrison attacks, create two 1/1 red Human creature tokens that are tapped and attacking.
(Melds with Hanweir Battlements.)"	R	R	Eldritch Moon Promos	130	rare	Vincent Proce		
Graf Rats	1B	2	Creature ? Rat	"At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you both own and control Graf Rats and a creature named Midnight Scavengers, exile them, then meld them into Chittering Host."	B	B	Eldritch Moon	91	common	Jason Felix		
Midnight Scavengers	4B	5	Creature ? Human Rogue	"When Midnight Scavengers enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.
(Melds with Graf Rats.)"	B	B	Eldritch Moon	96	common	Jason Felix		
